:sem-SPACE-TIME$TimeAction/Activity
adolescence puberty
adulthood responsibility
adulthood work
bedtime sleeping
bedtime story
birthday celebration
birthday party
celebration fireworks
day dream
development gestation
dinner eating
gestation development
harvest reaping
incubation growth
infancy teething
moon full
morning breakfast
morning sunrise
pregnancy development
sale shopping
spring blooming
spring breeze
spring growth
summer swim
summer vacation
vacation travel
war destruction
wedding marriage
winter christmas
winter cold
winter holidays
winter sledding
winter snow
winter snowstorms
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Action/Activity-Goal
advertise promote
assault injure
bathe clean
breathe live
burnish shine
buy own
cook eat
drive arrive
exercise healthy
fight defend
fight win
flirt seduce
ignite burn
jog exercise
learn study
light illumination
listen enjoy
listen hear
play enjoy
purchase possess
reach hold
read know
read learn
run exercise
shoot kill
shop purchase
sleep rest
spank punish
speak communicate
speak express
starving hungry
steal gain
study learn
trim shorten
wash clean
work earn
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$EnablingAgent-Object
batteries controller
battery flashlight
battery laptop
battery phone
brush paint
bulb flashlight
bullet gun
camera film
chemical firework
electricity lamp
electricity stove
electricity television
electricity tv
faith believe
fire barbeque
food eat
gas furnace
keys car
lease apartment
license drive
loom cloth
match wood
monitor computer
motor boat
mouse computer
oil lamp
remote television
remote tv
sunlight photosynthesis
teacher learn
water bathtub
water irrigation
water shower
wood fireplace
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Prevention
acetaminophen headache
acid base
activity boredom
antibiotic infection
antibiotics bacteria
cat mouse
cure disease
education ignorance
fast slow
food hunger
fungicide fungus
fungicide mold
good bad
happy sad
immunization disease
insecticide bugs
insecticide pests
knowledge ignorance
locks theft
mediation conflict
medicine disease
medicine illness
money poverty
nice evil
preparation disaster
rest exhaustion
shot disease
sleep exhaustion
sleep tiredness
sun darkness
swimming drowning
vaccine virus
water thirst
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Instrument-IntendedAction
airplane fly
bed sleep
blender puree
broom sweep
calculator add
camera photograph
car drive
cigarette smoke
dollar purchase
fork eat
hammer pound
handle turn
knife cut
needle sew
oven cook
pencil write
pen write
phone call
stove cook
telephone call
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Cause-CompensatoryAction
anger yell
anxiety breathe
avarice scheme
carefully clumsiness
clumsiness carefully
coldness shiver
danger flee
dirty bathe
dizzy drunk
embarrassed blush
emptiness fill
fat exercise
fright scream
happiness smile
heat sweat
joy skip
loneliness socialize
murderer flee
nervousness sweat
obesity exercise
pain treatment
poison illness
sadness cry
sick rest
song sing
thirst drink
thirsty drink
tiredness rest
:sem-REFERENCE$Plan
agenda meeting
agenda routine
bible salvation
choreography performance
code program
course destination
deal contract
directions route
draft essay
equation formula
equation solution
instructions game
instructions model
list groceries
map city
map journey
map route
model architecture
mold forms
outline composition
outline paper
pattern dress
plan development
plan lesson
playbook football
prescription medication
rules game
script movie
sketch drawing
sketch painting
strategy attack
strategy victory
study understanding
summary book
textbook subject
:sem-hyper
accessory bag
accessory glove
accessory hat
accessory scarf
accommodation castle
accommodation cottage
accommodation hotel
accommodation villa
aircraft bomber
aircraft fighter
aircraft helicopter
aircraft jet
airplane bomber
airplane fighter
airplane jet
amphibian frog
amphibian turtle
animal alligator
animal ant
animal bear
animal beaver
animal beetle
animal bull
animal butterfly
animal carp
animal cat
animal catfish
animal cockroach
animal cod
animal cow
animal crow
animal deer
animal dog
animal dolphin
animal donkey
animal dove
animal eagle
animal elephant
animal falcon
animal fox
animal frog
animal goat
animal goldfish
animal goose
animal gorilla
animal grasshopper
animal hawk
animal herring
animal hornet
animal horse
animal lion
animal lizard
animal mackerel
animal moth
animal owl
animal penguin
animal pheasant
animal pig
animal pigeon
animal rabbit
animal rat
animal robin
animal salmon
animals cats
animals cows
animals dogs
animal sheep
animal snake
animal squirrel
animal swan
animal tiger
animal trout
animal tuna
animal turtle
animal vulture
animal wasp
animal whale
ape gorilla
apparel blouse
apparel cloak
apparel coat
apparel dress
apparel glove
apparel hat
apparel jacket
apparel robe
apparel scarf
apparel shirt
apparel sweater
apparel vest
appliance dishwasher
appliance freezer
appliance fridge
appliance oven
appliance phone
appliance radio
appliance refrigerator
appliance stereo
appliance stove
appliance television
appliance toaster
appliance washer
arm bomb
arm cannon
arm dagger
arm grenade
arm gun
arm missile
arm pistol
arm revolver
arm rifle
arm spear
arm sword
art abstract
artifact ambulance
artifact bag
artifact battleship
artifact bed
artifact blouse
artifact bomb
artifact bomber
artifact bookcase
artifact bottle
artifact bowl
artifact box
artifact bus
artifact cannon
artifact car
artifact cello
artifact chair
artifact chisel
artifact clarinet
artifact cloak
artifact coat
artifact couch
artifact dagger
artifact desk
artifact dishwasher
artifact dress
artifact dresser
artifact ferry
artifact fighter
artifact flute
artifact fork
artifact freezer
artifact fridge
artifact frigate
artifact glove
artifact grenade
artifact guitar
artifact gun
artifact hammer
artifact hat
artifact hatchet
artifact helicopter
artifact jacket
artifact jar
artifact jet
artifact knife
artifact missile
artifact motorcycle
artifact mug
artifact oven
artifact phone
artifact piano
artifact pistol
artifact radio
artifact rake
artifact revolver
artifact rifle
artifact robe
artifact saw
artifact saxophone
artifact scarf
artifact scooter
artifact screwdriver
artifact shirt
artifact shovel
artifact sieve
artifact sofa
artifact spade
artifact spear
artifact spoon
artifact stereo
artifact stove
artifact sweater
artifact sword
artifact table
artifact tanker
artifact television
artifact toaster
artifact train
artifact truck
artifact trumpet
artifact van
artifact vest
artifact violin
artifact wardrobe
artifact washer
artifact wrench
artifact yacht
art sculpture
artwork sculpture
automobile van
beast alligator
beast bear
beast beaver
beast bull
beast cat
beast cow
beast deer
beast donkey
beast elephant
beast fox
beast frog
beast goat
beast gorilla
beast horse
beast lion
beast lizard
beast pig
beast rabbit
beast rat
beast sheep
beast snake
beast squirrel
beast tiger
beast turtle
bedding sheet
bedding sheets
berry cranberry
berry grape
beverages sodas
beverages tea
beverage water
bird cardinal
bird crow
bird dove
bird eagle
bird falcon
bird goose
bird hawk
bird owl
bird penguin
bird pheasant
bird pigeon
bird robin
birds crows
bird swan
bird vulture
boat ferry
boat yacht
book novel
bread wheat
bug ant
bug beetle
bug cockroach
bug grasshopper
building castle
building cathedral
building cottage
building hospital
building hotel
building library
building pub
building restaurant
building villa
canine fox
carnivore alligator
carnivore cat
carnivore fox
carnivore lion
carnivore lizard
carnivore tiger
cars sedan
cattle cow
cereal corn
china plates
church cathedral
citrus grapefruit
citrus lemon
citrus lime
clothes blouse
clothes blouses
clothes cloak
clothes coat
clothes dress
clothes glove
clothes hat
clothes jacket
clothes pants
clothes robe
clothes scarf
clothes shirt
clothes shirts
clothes sweater
clothes vest
clothing blouse
clothing cloak
clothing coat
clothing dress
clothing dresses
clothing glove
clothing hat
clothing jacket
clothing robe
clothing scarf
clothing shirt
clothing shirts
clothing sock
clothing sweater
clothing vest
coins pennies
color green
color red
colors blue
commodity blouse
commodity cloak
commodity coat
commodity dishwasher
commodity dress
commodity freezer
commodity fridge
commodity glove
commodity hat
commodity jacket
commodity oven
commodity phone
commodity radio
commodity robe
commodity scarf
commodity shirt
commodity stereo
commodity stove
commodity sweater
commodity television
commodity toaster
commodity vest
commodity washer
computer laptop
conifer cedar
conifer cypress
conifer pine
construction castle
construction cathedral
construction cottage
construction hospital
construction hotel
construction library
construction pub
construction restaurant
construction villa
container bag
container bottle
container bowl
container box
container jar
container jug
container mug
container spoon
conveyance ambulance
conveyance bomber
conveyance bus
conveyance car
conveyance fighter
conveyance helicopter
conveyance jet
conveyance motorcycle
conveyance scooter
conveyance train
conveyance truck
conveyance van
cookware bowl
cordless phone
covering blouse
covering cloak
covering coat
covering dress
covering glove
covering hat
covering jacket
covering robe
covering scarf
covering shirt
covering sweater
covering vest
craft battleship
craft bomber
craft ferry
craft fighter
craft frigate
craft helicopter
craft jet
craft tanker
craft yacht
creature alligator
creature ant
creature bear
creature beaver
creature beetle
creature bull
creature butterfly
creature carp
creature cat
creature catfish
creature cockroach
creature cod
creature cow
creature crow
creature deer
creature dolphin
creature donkey
creature dove
creature eagle
creature elephant
creature falcon
creature fox
creature frog
creature goat
creature goldfish
creature goose
creature gorilla
creature grasshopper
creature hawk
creature herring
creature hornet
creature horse
creature lion
creature lizard
creature mackerel
creature moth
creature owl
creature penguin
creature pheasant
creature pig
creature pigeon
creature rabbit
creature rat
creature robin
creature salmon
creature sheep
creature snake
creature squirrel
creature swan
creature tiger
creature trout
creature tuna
creature turtle
creature vulture
creature wasp
creature whale
currency dollar
cutlery fork
cutlery forks
cutlery hatchet
cutlery knife
cutlery spoon
defense castle
device bomb
device cannon
device cello
device clarinet
device dagger
device dishwasher
device flute
device freezer
device fridge
device grenade
device guitar
device gun
device missile
device oven
device phone
device piano
device pistol
device radio
device revolver
device rifle
device saxophone
device spear
device stereo
device stove
device sword
device television
device toaster
device trumpet
device violin
device washer
dish bowl
dish plate
drink milk
dwelling castle
dwelling cottage
dwelling villa
edifice castle
edifice cathedral
edifice cottage
edifice hospital
edifice hotel
edifice library
edifice pub
edifice restaurant
edifice villa
equipment phone
equipment radio
equipment stereo
equipment television
evergreen cedar
evergreen cypress
evergreen pine
family father
feline cat
feline lion
feline tiger
film drama
firearm pistol
firearm revolver
firearm rifle
fish bear
fish carp
fish catfish
fish cod
fish dolphin
fish goldfish
fish herring
fish mackerel
fish salmon
fish trout
fish tuna
fish whale
flower daisy
food apple
food apricot
food banana
food beet
food broccoli
food cabbage
food carp
food carrot
food catfish
food cauliflower
food celery
food cherry
food coconut
food cod
food corn
food cranberry
food cucumber
food garlic
food goat
food grape
food grapefruit
food herring
food lemon
food lettuce
food lime
food mackerel
food onion
food parsley
food peach
food pear
food pineapple
food plum
food potato
food rabbit
food radish
food salmon
food spinach
food strawberry
food trout
food tuna
food turtle
food whale
footwear boot
fortification castle
fruit apple
fruit apples
fruit apricot
fruit banana
fruit cherry
fruit coconut
fruit cranberry
fruit grape
fruit grapefruit
fruit lemon
fruit lime
fruit peach
fruit pear
fruit pineapple
fruit plum
fruit strawberry
fuel gasoline
furnishing bed
furnishing bookcase
furnishing chair
furnishing couch
furnishing desk
furnishing dresser
furnishing sofa
furnishing table
furnishing wardrobe
furniture bed
furniture bookcase
furniture chair
furniture chairs
furniture couch
furniture desk
furniture dresser
furniture piano
furniture sofa
furniture table
furniture wardrobe
gadget phone
game pheasant
garment blouse
garment cloak
garment coat
garment dress
garment glove
garment hat
garment jacket
garment robe
garment scarf
garment shirt
garment skirt
garment sweater
garment vest
good blouse
good cloak
good coat
good dishwasher
good dress
good freezer
good fridge
good glove
good hat
good jacket
good oven
good phone
good radio
good robe
good scarf
good shirt
good stereo
good stove
good sweater
good television
good toaster
good vest
good washer
grain corn
gun cannon
gun pistol
gun revolver
gun rifle
habitation castle
habitation cottage
habitation villa
hair brown
headdress hat
headgear hat
herb basil
herb celery
herbivore bull
herbivore cow
herbivore deer
herbivore donkey
herbivore elephant
herbivore goat
herbivore horse
herbivore rabbit
herbivore sheep
herb parsley
hobby stamps
home castle
home cottage
home tree
home villa
house castle
house cottage
house villa
housing castle
housing cottage
housing villa
implement bomb
implement cannon
implement chisel
implement dagger
implement grenade
implement gun
implement hammer
implement hatchet
implement knife
implement missile
implement pistol
implement rake
implement revolver
implement rifle
implement saw
implement screwdriver
implement shovel
implement sieve
implement spade
implement spear
implement sword
implement wrench
insect ant
insect beetle
insect butterfly
insect cockroach
insect grasshopper
insect hornet
insect moth
insect wasp
institution hospital
institution library
institution pub
instrument cello
instrument clarinet
instrument flute
instrument guitar
instrument piano
instrument saxophone
instrument trumpet
instrument violin
internet website
invertebrate ant
invertebrate beetle
invertebrate butterfly
invertebrate cockroach
invertebrate grasshopper
invertebrate hornet
invertebrate moth
invertebrate wasp
jewelry ring
jewelry rings
kitchenware bowl
kitchenware fork
kitchenware jar
kitchenware knife
kitchenware mug
kitchenware sieve
kitchenware spoon
landscape flowers
libraries books
light lamp
literature book
lodging castle
lodging cottage
lodging hotel
lodging villa
lubricant oil
luggage bag
mammal bear
mammal beaver
mammal bull
mammal cat
mammal cow
mammal deer
mammal dolphin
mammal donkey
mammal elephant
mammal fox
mammal goat
mammal gorilla
mammal horse
mammal lion
mammal pig
mammal porpoise
mammal rabbit
mammal rat
mammal sheep
mammal squirrel
mammal tiger
mammal whale
meal dinner
meat beef
meat ham
money dime
movie comedy
nourishment banana
object bag
object bed
object blouse
object bomb
object bookcase
object bottle
object bowl
object box
object cannon
object cello
object chair
object chisel
object clarinet
object cloak
object coat
object couch
object dagger
object desk
object dishwasher
object dress
object dresser
object flute
object fork
object freezer
object fridge
object glove
object grenade
object guitar
object gun
object hammer
object hat
object hatchet
object jacket
object jar
object missile
object mug
object oven
object phone
object pistol
object radio
object rake
object revolver
object rifle
object robe
object saw
object saxophone
object scarf
object screwdriver
object shirt
object shovel
object sieve
object sofa
object spade
object spear
object spoon
object stereo
object stove
object sweater
object sword
object table
object television
object toaster
object trumpet
object vest
object violin
object wardrobe
object washer
object wrench
pen ballpoint
person girl
pest cockroach
pet cat
pet dog
pet goldfish
pet rabbit
pets dogs
pet turtle
phone cordless
pistol revolver
plane bomber
plane fighter
plane jet
politician senator
predator alligator
predator bear
predator eagle
predator falcon
predator fox
predator hawk
predator lion
predator owl
predator tiger
predator vulture
preservative salt
primate gorilla
produce apple
produce apricot
produce banana
produce beet
produce broccoli
produce cabbage
produce carrot
produce cauliflower
produce celery
produce cherry
produce coconut
produce corn
produce cranberry
produce cucumber
produce garlic
produce grape
produce grapefruit
produce lemon
produce lettuce
produce lime
produce onion
produce parsley
produce peach
produce pear
produce pineapple
produce plum
produce potato
produce radish
produce spinach
produce strawberry
reptile alligator
reptile lizard
reptile snake
reptile turtle
rocket missile
rodent beaver
rodent mouse
rodent rat
rodent squirrel
root beet
root carrot
root radish
ruminant bull
ruminant cow
ruminant deer
ruminant goat
ruminant sheep
scavenger crow
scavenger vulture
seabird penguin
seafood carp
seafood catfish
seafood cod
seafood herring
seafood mackerel
seafood salmon
seafood trout
seafood tuna
seafood whale
seasoning garlic
seasoning parsley
seasoning pepper
seat chair
seat couch
seating chair
seat stool
sheets bedding
ship battleship
ship frigate
ship tanker
shoe boot
silverware spoon
site castle
site cathedral
site hospital
site library
site villa
snacks chips
song opera
space star
spice garlic
structure castle
structure cathedral
structure cottage
structure hospital
structure hotel
structure library
structure pub
structure restaurant
structure villa
sweater knit
swine pig
system phone
system radio
system stereo
system television
tableware fork
tableware knife
tableware spoon
temple cathedral
thrush robin
tool chisel
tool fork
tool hammer
tool hatchet
tool knife
tool rake
tool saw
tool screwdriver
tool shovel
tool sieve
tool spade
tool spoon
tool wrench
transport ambulance
transportation bus
transport bomber
transport bus
transport car
transport ferry
transport fighter
transport helicopter
transport jet
transport motorcycle
transport scooter
transport tanker
transport train
transport truck
transport van
transport yacht
tree ash
tree birch
tree cedar
tree cypress
tree elm
tree oak
tree pine
tree willow
ungulate bull
ungulate cow
ungulate deer
ungulate donkey
ungulate goat
ungulate horse
ungulate pig
ungulate sheep
university school
utensil bottle
utensil bowl
utensil chisel
utensil fork
utensil hammer
utensil hatchet
utensil jar
utensil knife
utensil mug
utensil rake
utensil saw
utensil screwdriver
utensils forks
utensil shovel
utensil sieve
utensil spade
utensil spoon
utensil wrench
vegetable beet
vegetable broccoli
vegetable cabbage
vegetable carrot
vegetable cauliflower
vegetable celery
vegetable corn
vegetable cucumber
vegetable garlic
vegetable lettuce
vegetable onion
vegetable parsley
vegetable potato
vegetable radish
vegetable spinach
veggie beet
veggie broccoli
veggie cabbage
veggie carrot
veggie cauliflower
veggie celery
veggie corn
veggie cucumber
veggie garlic
veggie lettuce
veggie onion
veggie parsley
veggie potato
veggie radish
veggie spinach
vehicle ambulance
vehicle battleship
vehicle bomber
vehicle bus
vehicle car
vehicle ferry
vehicle fighter
vehicle frigate
vehicle helicopter
vehicle jet
vehicle missile
vehicle motorcycle
vehicle scooter
vehicle tanker
vehicle train
vehicle truck
vehicle van
vehicle yacht
vertebrate alligator
vertebrate bear
vertebrate beaver
vertebrate bull
vertebrate carp
vertebrate cat
vertebrate catfish
vertebrate cod
vertebrate cow
vertebrate crow
vertebrate deer
vertebrate dolphin
vertebrate donkey
vertebrate dove
vertebrate eagle
vertebrate elephant
vertebrate falcon
vertebrate fox
vertebrate frog
vertebrate goat
vertebrate goldfish
vertebrate goose
vertebrate gorilla
vertebrate hawk
vertebrate herring
vertebrate horse
vertebrate lion
vertebrate lizard
vertebrate mackerel
vertebrate owl
vertebrate penguin
vertebrate pheasant
vertebrate pig
vertebrate pigeon
vertebrate rabbit
vertebrate rat
vertebrate robin
vertebrate salmon
vertebrate sheep
vertebrate snake
vertebrate squirrel
vertebrate swan
vertebrate tiger
vertebrate trout
vertebrate tuna
vertebrate turtle
vertebrate vulture
vertebrate whale
vessel battleship
vessel bottle
vessel bowl
vessel ferry
vessel frigate
vessel jar
vessel mug
vessel pot
vessel tanker
vessel yacht
warplane bomber
warplane fighter
warship battleship
warship frigate
watercraft battleship
watercraft ferry
watercraft frigate
watercraft tanker
watercraft yacht
waterfowl goose
waterfowl swan
weapon bomb
weapon cannon
weapon dagger
weapon grenade
weapon gun
weapon hatchet
weapon knife
weapon missile
weapon pistol
weapon revolver
weapon rifle
weapon spear
weapon sword
weather rain
worker librarian
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Item-Location
abbey nun
aquarium fish
bakery cake
bathroom toilet
bus passengers
carton milk
classroom students
closet clothes
closet clothing
cupboard dishes
farm tractor
fireplace fire
forest trees
garage cars
garage mechanic
garden flower
hangar airplane
kitchen food
kitchen pots
prison criminals
refrigerator food
school children
space planets
store products
store shopper
supermarket groceries
zoo animals
:sem-mero
airplane cockpit
airport terminal
air puff
alligator eye
alligator foot
alligator jaw
alligator leg
alligator mouth
alligator scale
alligator skin
alligator tail
alligator tooth
ambulance accelerator
ambulance back
ambulance belt
ambulance bonnet
ambulance brake
ambulance bumper
ambulance caregiver
ambulance compartment
ambulance crew
ambulance door
ambulance driver
ambulance engine
ambulance floor
ambulance frame
ambulance front
ambulance fuel
ambulance gas
ambulance gasoline
ambulance gear
ambulance handbrake
ambulance hood
ambulance horn
ambulance inside
ambulance interior
ambulance light
ambulance medic
ambulance metal
ambulance mirror
ambulance motor
ambulance oil
ambulance paramedic
ambulance passenger
ambulance petrol
ambulance plate
ambulance radiator
ambulance radio
ambulance rear
ambulance roof
ambulance seat
ambulance seatbelt
ambulance siren
ambulance steel
ambulance tank
ambulance tire
ambulance top
ambulance trunk
ambulance wheel
ambulance window
ambulance windscreen
ambulance windshield
ant antenna
ant body
ant head
ant leg
apple core
apple juice
apple leaf
apple peel
apple seed
apple skin
apple stalk
apple stem
apple vitamin
apricot juice
apricot peel
apricot pit
apricot skin
apricot stone
atmosphere gas
audition actor
automobile trunk
bag bottom
bag color
bag content
bag exterior
bag handle
bag inside
bag interior
bag key
bag leather
bag outside
bag paper
bag plastic
bag pouch
bag wallet
banana peel
banana potassium
banana skin
bank money
baptism priest
barnyard henhouse
battleship anchor
battleship battery
battleship bilge
battleship bow
battleship bulkhead
battleship bulwark
battleship caboose
battleship captain
battleship crew
battleship deck
battleship engine
battleship fin
battleship fore
battleship frame
battleship funnel
battleship gun
battleship helm
battleship hull
battleship iron
battleship keel
battleship metal
battleship propeller
battleship rudder
battleship sailor
battleship skeleton
battleship starboard
battleship steel
battleship tank
battleship topside
battleship turbine
battleship turret
bear claw
bear ear
bear eye
bear fur
bear head
bear jaw
bear leg
bear mouth
bear muzzle
bear nose
bear paw
bear tooth
beaver ear
beaver eye
beaver foot
beaver fur
beaver head
beaver leg
beaver mouth
beaver muzzle
beaver nose
beaver tail
beaver tooth
bed blanket
bed frame
bed mattress
bed pillow
bedroom bed
bed sheet
bed spring
bed straw
bed wood
beet bulb
beet leaf
beetle antenna
beetle body
beetle head
beetle leg
beetle shell
beetle wing
bicycle wheel
birch bark
birch branch
birch crown
birch flower
birch leaf
birch limb
birch root
birch stump
birch trunk
birch wood
bird feathers
bird parrot
bird wings
blood droplets
blouse arm
blouse back
blouse button
blouse collar
blouse cotton
blouse cuff
blouse fabric
blouse fold
blouse front
blouse hem
blouse material
blouse neck
blouse pattern
blouse pocket
blouse silk
blouse sleeve
blouse tail
boat motor
body cell
body flesh
bomb detonator
bomber back
bomber bomb
bomber brake
bomber captain
bomber cockpit
bomber crew
bomber door
bomber engine
bomber flap
bomber front
bomber fuel
bomber fuselage
bomber gas
bomber gun
bomber interior
bomber light
bomber metal
bomber missile
bomber motor
bomber pilot
bomber propeller
bomber rear
bomber rudder
bomber seat
bomber steel
bomber tail
bomber top
bomber wheel
bomber window
bomber windscreen
bomber windshield
bomber wing
bomb explosive
bomb fuse
bomb grip
bomb handle
bomb metal
bomb shell
bomb steel
bomb timer
bookcase book
bookcase inside
bookcase metal
bookcase shelf
bookcase side
bookcase top
bookcase wood
book chapter
book chapters
book page
book pages
book spine
boots leather
bottle beer
bottle bottom
bottle cap
bottle content
bottle cork
bottle exterior
bottle glass
bottle inside
bottle interior
bottle label
bottle lid
bottle liqueur
bottle liquid
bottle milk
bottle mouth
bottle neck
bottle outside
bottle plastic
bottle soda
bottle water
bottle wine
bouquet flower
bowl bottom
bowl ceramic
bowl cereal
bowl clay
bowl color
bowl content
bowl edge
bowl exterior
bowl food
bowl glass
bowl inside
bowl interior
bowl liquid
bowl milk
bowl outside
bowl plastic
bowl pottery
bowl rice
bowl soup
bowl steel
bowl top
bowl water
bowl wood
box bottom
box cardboard
box color
box content
box edge
box exterior
box inside
box interior
box key
box label
box lid
box lock
box outside
box paper
box plastic
box side
box tin
box top
box wood
bread flour
broccoli flower
broccoli leaf
broccoli stalk
building floor
building lobby
building wall
bull beef
bull ear
bull eye
bull foot
bull head
bull hoof
bull horn
bull leg
bull meat
bull mouth
bull muzzle
bull nose
bull skin
bull spot
bull stomach
bull tail
bunch grape
bus accelerator
bus back
bus belt
bus bonnet
bus brake
bus bumper
bus color
bus compartment
bus diesel
bus door
bus driver
bus engine
bus floor
bus frame
bus front
bus fuel
bus gas
bus gasoline
bus gear
bus handbrake
bus hood
bus horn
bush roots
bus inside
bus interior
bus light
bus metal
bus mirror
bus motor
bus oil
bus passenger
bus petrol
bus plate
bus radiator
bus radio
bus rear
bus roof
bus seat
bus seatbelt
bus steel
bus tank
bus tire
bus top
bus trunk
bus wheel
bus window
bus windscreen
bus windshield
butterfly antenna
butterfly body
butterfly color
butterfly head
butterfly leg
butterfly wing
cabbage head
cabbage leaf
cabbage stem
cacophony howls
cake slice
cannon ammo
cannon ammunition
cannon ball
cannon barrel
cannon bolt
cannon bore
cannon breech
cannon bronze
cannon bullet
cannon butt
cannon cartridge
cannon chamber
cannon charge
cannon ejector
cannon gunpowder
cannon holder
cannon magazine
cannon metal
cannon muzzle
cannon projectile
cannon remover
cannon shell
cannon sight
cannon steel
cannon trigger
cannon wheel
car accelerator
car back
car belt
car bonnet
car brake
car bumper
car color
car compartment
car diesel
car door
car driver
car engine
car floor
car frame
car front
car fuel
car gas
car gasoline
car gear
car handbrake
car hood
car horn
car inside
car interior
car light
car metal
car mirror
car motor
carnival rides
car oil
car passenger
carp bone
carpet fibers
car petrol
carp eye
carp fin
carp head
car plate
carp mouth
carp scale
carp skin
carp tail
carp whisker
car radiator
car radio
car rear
car roof
carrot end
carrot leaf
carrot top
carrot vitamin
car seat
car seatbelt
car steel
car tank
car tire
car top
car trunk
car wheel
car wheels
car window
car windscreen
car windshield
case evidence
castle bathroom
castle bedroom
castle brick
castle bridge
castle ceiling
castle door
castle dungeon
castle exterior
castle fireplace
castle floor
castle furniture
castle garden
castle gate
castle guest
castle hall
castle inside
castle interior
castle king
castle kitchen
castle knight
castle moat
castle outside
castle owner
castle prince
castle princess
castle queen
castle roof
castle room
castle spire
castle stair
castle stairs
castle stone
castle tower
castle turret
castle visitor
castle wall
castle window
cat claw
cat collar
cat ear
cat eye
catfish bone
catfish eye
catfish fin
catfish head
catfish mouth
catfish scale
catfish skin
catfish tail
catfish whisker
cat fur
cat head
cathedral altar
cathedral arch
cathedral archbishop
cathedral bell
cathedral bench
cathedral bishop
cathedral candle
cathedral ceiling
cathedral chapel
cathedral choir
cathedral cross
cathedral crypt
cathedral dome
cathedral door
cathedral exterior
cathedral floor
cathedral inside
cathedral interior
cathedral marble
cathedral organ
cathedral outside
cathedral person
cathedral portal
cathedral priest
cathedral pulpit
cathedral roof
cathedral spire
cathedral stair
cathedral stairs
cathedral steeple
cathedral stone
cathedral tower
cathedral vestry
cathedral wall
cathedral window
cat leg
cat mouth
cat muzzle
cat nose
cat paw
cat tail
cat tooth
cat whisker
cat whiskers
cauliflower flower
cauliflower leaf
cauliflower stem
cave entrance
cedar bark
cedar branch
cedar cone
cedar crown
cedar limb
cedar needle
cedar root
cedar stump
cedar trunk
cedar wood
celery fiber
celery leaf
celery stalk
celery stem
cello back
cello body
cello bottom
cello bout
cello bow
cello bridge
cello front
cello hole
cello neck
cello peg
cello scroll
cello string
cello top
cello tuner
cello wood
chain link
chair arm
chair back
chair cover
chair cushion
chair foot
chair leg
chair legs
chair metal
chair plastic
chair seat
chair upholstery
chair wheel
chair wood
chapter page
cherry pit
cherry stem
cherry stone
chisel blade
chisel edge
chisel end
chisel handle
chisel head
chisel iron
chisel metal
chisel point
chisel steel
church believers
church preacher
church sanctuary
cinema film
circus clown
circus ringmaster
city block
clarinet barrel
clarinet bell
clarinet bore
clarinet hole
clarinet joint
clarinet key
clarinet metal
clarinet mouthpiece
clarinet reed
clarinet wood
cloak back
cloak fold
cloak front
cloak fur
cloak hood
cloak material
cloak pattern
cloak silk
cloak sleeve
cloak wool
cloth fibers
clothing thread
coast east
coat arm
coat back
coat button
coat collar
coat cuff
coat fabric
coat fold
coat front
coat fur
coat hem
coat hood
coat lapel
coat material
coat neck
coat pattern
coat pocket
coat sleeve
coat tail
coat wool
coat zipper
cockroach antenna
cockroach body
cockroach leg
cockroach shell
cockroach wing
cocktail alcohol
coconut hair
coconut meat
coconut milk
coconut shell
cod bone
cod eye
cod fin
cod head
cod mouth
cod scale
cod skin
cod tail
college teachers
competition athlete
computer chip
computer mouse
computer screen
concert musician
concrete cement
corn carbohydrate
corn ear
corn head
corn husk
corn kernel
corn silk
corn stalk
cottage bathroom
cottage bedroom
cottage brick
cottage ceiling
cottage concrete
cottage door
cottage exterior
cottage fireplace
cottage floor
cottage furniture
cottage garage
cottage garden
cottage guest
cottage inside
cottage interior
cottage kitchen
cottage outside
cottage owner
cottage roof
cottage room
cottage stair
cottage stairs
cottage stone
cottage window
cottage wood
couch arm
couch back
couch cushion
couch foot
couch leather
couch leg
couch pillow
couch seat
couch upholstery
couch velvet
couch wood
country city
cow beef
cow ear
cow eye
cow foot
cow head
cow hoof
cow horn
cow leg
cow meat
cow mouth
cow muzzle
cow nose
cow skin
cow spot
cow stomach
cranberry juice
cranberry skin
crime evidence
crow beak
crow eye
crow feather
crow foot
crow head
crow pinion
crow plumage
crow plume
crow rump
crow wing
cucumber peel
cucumber seed
cucumber skin
cypress bark
cypress branch
cypress cone
cypress crown
cypress limb
cypress needle
cypress root
cypress stump
cypress trunk
cypress wood
dagger blade
dagger bronze
dagger edge
dagger end
dagger forte
dagger grip
dagger guard
dagger handle
dagger hilt
dagger metal
dagger point
dagger sheath
dagger steel
dagger tip
dance step
day hour
deer antler
deer ear
deer eye
deer flesh
deer foot
deer fur
deer head
deer hoof
deer leg
deer meat
deer mouth
deer muzzle
deer nose
deer tail
desk drawer
desk iron
desk leg
desk metal
desk steel
desk surface
desk top
desk wood
dishwasher button
dishwasher control
dishwasher cup
dishwasher cutlery
dishwasher detergent
dishwasher dial
dishwasher dish
dishwasher door
dishwasher engine
dishwasher front
dishwasher glass
dishwasher inside
dishwasher metal
dishwasher motor
dishwasher mug
dishwasher pan
dishwasher plate
dishwasher plug
dishwasher rack
dishwasher silverware
dishwasher soap
dishwasher steel
dishwasher supply
dishwasher tableware
dishwasher top
dishwasher water
doctor degree
dog tail
dollar coins
dolphin bone
dolphin eye
dolphin fin
dolphin head
dolphin mouth
dolphin skin
dolphin tail
dolphin tooth
donkey bit
donkey ear
donkey eye
donkey foot
donkey hair
donkey head
donkey hoof
donkey horseback
donkey leg
donkey mane
donkey mouth
donkey muzzle
donkey neck
donkey nose
donkey rein
donkey saddle
donkey shoe
donkey stomach
donkey tail
dove beak
dove eye
dove feather
dove foot
dove head
dove pinion
dove plumage
dove plume
dove rump
dove wing
dress arm
dress back
dress bodice
dress button
dress cotton
dress cuff
dresser clothes
dresser clothing
dresser crockery
dresser cutlery
dresser drawer
dresser dress
dresser foot
dresser handle
dresser leg
dresser mirror
dresser plate
dresser shelf
dresser silverware
dresser tableware
dresser top
dresser wood
dress fabric
dress fold
dress frill
dress fringe
dress front
dress gown
dress hem
dress lace
dress material
dress neck
dress neckline
dress pattern
dress pocket
dress ribbon
dress silk
dress skirt
dress sleeve
dress strap
dress wool
dress zipper
eagle beak
eagle claw
eagle eye
eagle feather
eagle foot
eagle head
eagle pinion
eagle plumage
eagle plume
eagle rump
eagle wing
ear lobes
egg yolk
elephant ear
elephant eye
elephant head
elephant leg
elephant mouth
elephant muzzle
elephant nose
elephant skin
elephant tail
elephant tooth
elephant trunk
elephant tusk
elm bark
elm branch
elm crown
elm leaf
elm limb
elm root
elm stump
elm trunk
elm wood
employee job
expert experience
eye lashes
falcon beak
falcon claw
falcon eye
falcon feather
falcon foot
falcon head
falcon pinion
falcon plumage
falcon plume
falcon rump
falcon wing
farmer crops
feet inches
ferry anchor
ferry bilge
ferry bow
ferry cabin
ferry captain
ferry crew
ferry engine
ferry fin
ferry fore
ferry hull
ferry interior
ferry iron
ferry keel
ferry metal
ferry motor
ferry passenger
ferry rudder
ferry sailor
ferry steel
fighter back
fighter bomb
fighter brake
fighter captain
fighter cockpit
fighter crew
fighter door
fighter engine
fighter flap
fighter front
fighter fuel
fighter fuselage
fighter gas
fighter gun
fighter interior
fighter light
fighter metal
fighter missile
fighter motor
fighter pilot
fighter propeller
fighter rear
fighter rudder
fighter seat
fighter steel
fighter tail
fighter top
fighter wheel
fighter window
fighter windscreen
fighter windshield
fighter wing
fish fin
flashlight bulb
flower stem
flute copper
flute hole
flute key
flute metal
flute nickel
flute silver
flute wood
food meal
foot inch
foot toe
forest tree
fork end
fork handle
fork head
fork iron
fork metal
fork plastic
fork prong
fork silver
fork steel
fork tooth
fox ear
fox eye
fox fur
fox head
fox leg
fox mouth
fox muzzle
fox nose
fox tail
fox tooth
freezer door
freezer drawer
freezer engine
freezer food
freezer front
freezer ice
freezer inside
freezer metal
freezer motor
freezer plug
freezer shelf
freezer steel
freezer supply
fridge door
fridge drawer
fridge drink
fridge engine
fridge food
fridge inside
fridge metal
fridge motor
fridge plug
fridge shelf
fridge steel
fridge supply
fridge top
frigate anchor
frigate battery
frigate bilge
frigate bow
frigate bulkhead
frigate bulwark
frigate caboose
frigate captain
frigate crew
frigate deck
frigate engine
frigate fin
frigate fore
frigate frame
frigate funnel
frigate gun
frigate helm
frigate hull
frigate iron
frigate keel
frigate mast
frigate metal
frigate missile
frigate propeller
frigate rudder
frigate sail
frigate sailor
frigate skeleton
frigate starboard
frigate steel
frigate tank
frigate topside
frigate turbine
frigate turret
frigate wood
frog blood
frog bone
frog eye
frog foot
frog head
frog leg
frog lung
frog poison
frog skin
frog tongue
frog wart
funeral coffin
funeral corpse
funeral family
funeral mourner
gallon ounce
gallon quart
game players
game referee
garden flowers
garden vegetables
garlic bulb
garlic clove
garlic skin
glass silicone
glove cashmere
glove fabric
glove finger
glove leather
glove material
glove thumb
glove wool
goat beard
goat ear
goat eye
goat flesh
goat foot
goat head
goat hoof
goat horn
goat leg
goat meat
goat mouth
goat muzzle
goat nose
goat tail
goldfish bone
goldfish eye
goldfish fin
goldfish head
goldfish mouth
goldfish scale
goldfish skin
goldfish tail
goose beak
goose eye
goose feather
goose foot
goose head
goose neck
goose pinion
goose plumage
goose plume
goose rump
goose wing
gorilla arm
gorilla ear
gorilla eye
gorilla foot
gorilla fur
gorilla hair
gorilla hand
gorilla head
gorilla leg
gorilla mouth
gorilla muzzle
gorilla neck
gorilla nose
gorilla tooth
graduation diploma
graduation students
grapefruit juice
grapefruit peel
grapefruit pulp
grapefruit section
grapefruit seed
grapefruit skin
grapefruit vitamin
grape juice
grape pip
grape seed
grape skin
grasshopper antenna
grasshopper body
grasshopper head
grasshopper leg
grasshopper shell
grasshopper wing
grenade case
grenade detonator
grenade explosive
grenade fuse
grenade grip
grenade handle
grenade metal
grenade pin
grenade shell
grenade steel
grenade timer
guitar back
guitar body
guitar bottom
guitar bridge
guitar fret
guitar front
guitar hole
guitar neck
guitar peg
guitar pickup
guitar plastic
guitar strap
guitar string
guitar top
guitar wood
gun ammo
gun ammunition
gun barrel
gun bolt
gun bore
gun breech
gun bullet
gun butt
gun cartridge
gun chamber
gun charge
gun ejector
gun grip
gun handle
gun holder
gun lock
gun magazine
gun metal
gun muzzle
gun projectile
gun remover
gun sight
gun steel
gun stock
gun trigger
hammer handle
hammer head
hammer iron
hammer metal
hammer steel
hammer wood
hand clock
hand finger
hat back
hat brim
hatchet blade
hatchet handle
hatchet head
hatchet iron
hatchet metal
hatchet steel
hatchet wood
hat crown
hat felt
hat front
hat inside
hat leather
hat logo
hat outside
hat top
hat wool
hawk beak
hawk claw
hawk eye
hawk feather
hawk foot
hawk head
hawk pinion
hawk plumage
hawk plume
hawk rump
hawk wing
helicopter back
helicopter blade
helicopter brake
helicopter crew
helicopter door
helicopter engine
helicopter front
helicopter fuselage
helicopter gas
helicopter interior
helicopter light
helicopter metal
helicopter motor
helicopter pilot
helicopter propeller
helicopter rear
helicopter rotor
helicopter rudder
helicopter seat
helicopter skid
helicopter steel
helicopter tail
helicopter top
helicopter turbine
helicopter wheel
helicopter window
helicopter windscreen
helicopter windshield
herring bone
herring eye
herring fin
herring head
herring mouth
herring scale
herring skin
herring tail
hill top
hive bee
home foyer
home kitchen
homeowner door
homeowner home
hornet antenna
hornet body
hornet head
hornet leg
hornet stinger
hornet wing
horse bit
horse ear
horse eye
horse flesh
horse foot
horse hair
horse head
horse hoof
horse horseback
horse leg
horse mane
horse meat
horse mouth
horse muzzle
horse neck
horse nose
horse rein
horse saddle
horse shoe
horse stomach
horse tail
hospital bed
hospital brick
hospital ceiling
hospital center
hospital chapel
hospital computer
hospital concrete
hospital doctor
hospital door
hospital elevator
hospital exterior
hospital floor
hospital inside
hospital interior
hospital machine
hospital maternity
hospital nun
hospital nurse
hospital office
hospital outside
hospital patient
hospital person
hospital roof
hospital room
hospital staff
hospital stair
hospital stairs
hospital surgeon
hospital surgery
hospital table
hospital unit
hospital ward
hospital window
hospital wing
hotel bar
hotel bed
hotel bedroom
hotel brick
hotel ceiling
hotel concrete
hotel customer
hotel desk
hotel door
hotel elevator
hotel exterior
hotel floor
hotel foyer
hotel garage
hotel garden
hotel guest
hotel inside
hotel interior
hotel lobby
hotel maid
hotel manager
hotel outside
hotel owner
hotel parking
hotel person
hotel pool
hotel reception
hotel roof
hotel room
hotel stair
hotel stairs
hotel stone
hotel suite
hotel window
hotel wood
hour seconds
house bedroom
house bricks
house residents
house roof
house room
ice water
instant nanosecond
investor investments
jacket arm
jacket back
jacket button
jacket collar
jacket cotton
jacket cuff
jacket fabric
jacket fold
jacket front
jacket fur
jacket hem
jacket hood
jacket lapel
jacket leather
jacket material
jacket neck
jacket pattern
jacket pocket
jacket shoulder
jacket sleeve
jacket tail
jacket wool
jacket zipper
jar bottom
jar cap
jar ceramic
jar coffee
jar color
jar content
jar cookie
jar edge
jar exterior
jar food
jar glass
jar inside
jar interior
jar jam
jar label
jar lid
jar outside
jar pickle
jar pickles
jar plastic
jar pottery
jar top
jeans zipper
jet back
jet brake
jet cockpit
jet crew
jet door
jet engine
jet front
jet fuel
jet fuselage
jet gas
jet interior
jet light
jet metal
jet motor
jet passenger
jet pilot
jet propeller
jet rear
jet rudder
jet seat
jet steel
jet tail
jet top
jet wheel
jet window
jet windscreen
jet windshield
jet wing
jug milk
knife blade
knife edge
knife end
knife handle
knife head
knife hilt
knife iron
knife metal
knife plastic
knife point
knife silver
knife steel
knife tip
knife tooth
lamp shade
lawn grass
lawyer clients
lemon juice
lemon peel
lemon pulp
lemon seed
lemon skin
lemon vitamin
lettuce leaf
lettuce stem
library book
library books
library brick
library catalog
library ceiling
library computer
library concrete
library door
library elevator
library exterior
library floor
library inside
library interior
library ladder
library office
library outside
library person
library roof
library room
library shelf
library staff
library stair
library stairs
library student
library window
lime juice
lime peel
lime seed
lime skin
lime vitamin
lion claw
lion ear
lion eye
lion fur
lion head
lion jaw
lion leg
lion mane
lion mouth
lion muzzle
lion nose
lion paw
lion tail
lion tooth
lizard blood
lizard eye
lizard head
lizard leg
lizard mouth
lizard scale
lizard skin
lizard stripe
lizard tail
lizard tongue
lyrics songwriter
mackerel bone
mackerel eye
mackerel fin
mackerel head
mackerel mouth
mackerel scale
mackerel skin
mackerel tail
mailbox flag
mall shops
mammal hair
mansion rooms
meal courses
meal food
medicine capsule
meet athlete
minute second
missile engine
missile explosive
missile head
missile point
missile propellant
missile propeller
missile warhead
money paper
moth antenna
moth body
mother children
moth head
moth leg
moth wing
motorcycle accelerator
motorcycle back
motorcycle brake
motorcycle color
motorcycle driver
motorcycle engine
motorcycle frame
motorcycle front
motorcycle fuel
motorcycle gas
motorcycle gasoline
motorcycle gear
motorcycle handlebar
motorcycle handlebars
motorcycle horn
motorcycle light
motorcycle metal
motorcycle mirror
motorcycle motor
motorcycle oil
motorcycle petrol
motorcycle plate
motorcycle rear
motorcycle rider
motorcycle seat
motorcycle steel
motorcycle tank
motorcycle tire
motorcycle wheel
mouth lips
movie scene
mug bottom
mug ceramic
mug coffee
mug color
mug content
mug edge
mug exterior
mug handle
mug inside
mug interior
mug liquid
mug milk
mug outside
mug plastic
mug pottery
mug tea
mug water
musician music
oak bark
oak branch
oak crown
oak leaf
oak limb
oak root
oak stump
oak trunk
oak wood
ocean water
omelette eggs
onion bulb
onion layer
onion peel
onion skin
oven broiler
oven control
oven door
oven food
oven gas
oven grill
oven inside
oven metal
oven microwave
oven plug
oven rack
oven steel
oven supply
oven timer
owl beak
owl claw
owl eye
owl feather
owl foot
owl head
owl pinion
owl plumage
owl plume
owl rump
owl wing
page paragraph
parsley leaf
parsley stalk
party alcohol
party celebrant
party guests
peach juice
peach peel
peach pit
peach skin
peach stone
pear core
pear juice
pear leaf
pear peel
pear seed
pear skin
pear stalk
pear stem
penguin beak
penguin eye
penguin feather
penguin foot
penguin head
penguin neck
penguin pinion
penguin plumage
penguin plume
penguin rump
penguin wing
pheasant beak
pheasant breast
pheasant eye
pheasant feather
pheasant foot
pheasant head
pheasant pinion
pheasant plumage
pheasant plume
pheasant rump
pheasant wing
phone antenna
phone button
phone cable
phone cord
phone dial
phone keyboard
phone number
phone plastic
phone receiver
phone wire
piano back
piano bottom
piano ebony
piano front
piano ivory
piano key
piano keyboard
piano pedal
piano rim
piano steel
piano string
piano top
piano wood
picnic blanket
picnic snacks
pie slices
pig ear
pigeon beak
pigeon eye
pigeon feather
pigeon foot
pigeon head
pigeon pinion
pigeon plumage
pigeon plume
pigeon rump
pigeon wing
pig eye
pig flesh
pig foot
pig head
pig hoof
pig lard
pig leg
pig mouth
pig muzzle
pig nose
pig pork
pig skin
pineapple core
pineapple juice
pineapple leaf
pineapple peel
pineapple shell
pineapple skin
pineapple vitamin
pine bark
pine branch
pine cone
pine crown
pine limb
pine needle
pine root
pine stump
pine trunk
pine wood
pistol ammo
pistol ammunition
pistol barrel
pistol bolt
pistol bore
pistol breech
pistol bullet
pistol butt
pistol cartridge
pistol chamber
pistol charge
pistol ejector
pistol grip
pistol handle
pistol holder
pistol lock
pistol magazine
pistol metal
pistol muzzle
pistol projectile
pistol remover
pistol sight
pistol steel
pistol stock
pistol trigger
pizza slice
plastic polymer
play act
plum juice
plum peel
plum pit
plum skin
plum stone
poem verses
pool water
potato carbohydrate
potato eye
potato peel
potato skin
potato starch
pound ounce
prayer reverence
professor students
proprietor employees
pub alcohol
pub bar
pub barman
pub beer
pub bench
pub beverage
pub booze
pub bottle
pub brick
pub ceiling
pub chair
pub concrete
pub counter
pub customer
pub door
pub drink
pub exterior
pub floor
pub food
pub glass
pub inside
pub interior
pub light
pub lounge
pub manager
pub meal
pub outside
pub owner
pub person
pub restroom
pub roof
pub saloon
pub seat
pub stone
pub stool
pub table
pub waiter
pub waitress
pub window
pub wood
quarter pennies
quilt squares
rabbit ear
rabbit eye
rabbit fur
rabbit head
rabbit leg
rabbit mouth
rabbit muzzle
rabbit nose
rabbit tail
rabbit tooth
rabbit whisker
radio amplifier
radio antenna
radio battery
radio channel
radio circuit
radio control
radio dial
radio loudspeaker
radio metal
radio music
radio plastic
radio plug
radio resistance
radio speaker
radio supply
radio wire
radish bulb
radish leaf
radish stem
rake handle
rake iron
rake metal
rake pole
rake prong
rake steel
rake tooth
rake wood
rat ear
rat eye
rat fur
rat head
rat leg
rat mouth
rat muzzle
rat nose
rat tail
rat tooth
rat whisker
recipe ingredient
refinery gas
remote buttons
restaurant bar
restaurant beverage
restaurant bottle
restaurant brick
restaurant ceiling
restaurant chair
restaurant chef
restaurant concrete
restaurant cook
restaurant counter
restaurant customer
restaurant dish
restaurant door
restaurant drink
restaurant exterior
restaurant floor
restaurant food
restaurant garden
restaurant glass
restaurant inside
restaurant interior
restaurant kitchen
restaurant light
restaurant lounge
restaurant manager
restaurant meal
restaurant menu
restaurant outside
restaurant owner
restaurant parking
restaurant person
restaurant restroom
restaurant roof
restaurant saloon
restaurant seat
restaurant stone
restaurant table
restaurant waiter
restaurant waitress
restaurant window
restaurant wood
revolver ammo
revolver ammunition
revolver barrel
revolver bolt
revolver bore
revolver breech
revolver bullet
revolver butt
revolver cartridge
revolver chamber
revolver charge
revolver cylinder
revolver ejector
revolver grip
revolver handle
revolver holder
revolver lock
revolver magazine
revolver metal
revolver muzzle
revolver projectile
revolver remover
revolver sight
revolver steel
revolver stock
revolver trigger
rifle ammo
rifle ammunition
rifle barrel
rifle bolt
rifle bore
rifle breech
rifle bullet
rifle butt
rifle cartridge
rifle chamber
rifle charge
rifle ejector
rifle handle
rifle holder
rifle lock
rifle magazine
rifle metal
rifle muzzle
rifle projectile
rifle remover
rifle sight
rifle steel
rifle stock
rifle trigger
rifle wood
river bed
river delta
robe back
robe belt
robe cotton
robe fold
robe front
robe material
robe pocket
robe shoulder
robe sleeve
robin beak
robin breast
robin eye
robin feather
robin foot
robin head
robin neck
robin pinion
robin plumage
robin plume
robin rump
robin wing
roof shingles
salmon bone
salmon eye
salmon fin
salmon head
salmon mouth
salmon scale
salmon skin
salmon tail
saw blade
saw edge
saw handle
saw iron
saw metal
saw steel
saw tooth
saw wood
saxophone bore
saxophone brass
saxophone hole
saxophone key
saxophone metal
saxophone mouthpiece
saxophone reed
saxophone silver
scarf cashmere
scarf fabric
scarf fringe
scarf logo
scarf silk
scarf wool
scholar books
school student
school students
scooter accelerator
scooter back
scooter brake
scooter color
scooter driver
scooter engine
scooter frame
scooter front
scooter fuel
scooter gas
scooter gasoline
scooter gear
scooter handlebar
scooter handlebars
scooter horn
scooter light
scooter metal
scooter mirror
scooter motor
scooter oil
scooter petrol
scooter plate
scooter rear
scooter seat
scooter steel
scooter tank
scooter tire
scooter wheel
screen computer
screwdriver end
screwdriver handle
screwdriver head
screwdriver iron
screwdriver metal
screwdriver plastic
screwdriver point
screwdriver steel
sheep ear
sheep eye
sheep fleece
sheep flesh
sheep foot
sheep head
sheep hoof
sheep horn
sheep leg
sheep meat
sheep mouth
sheep muzzle
sheep nose
sheep wool
ship deck
shirt arm
shirt back
shirt button
shirt collar
shirt cotton
shirt cuff
shirt fabric
shirt fold
shirt front
shirt hem
shirt material
shirt neck
shirt pattern
shirt pocket
shirt silk
shirt sleeve
shirt tail
shoe sole
shore sea
shovel blade
shovel edge
shovel end
shovel handle
shovel iron
shovel metal
shovel steel
shovel wood
shrubs roots
sieve frame
sieve handle
sieve hole
sieve iron
sieve mesh
sieve metal
sieve net
sieve plastic
sieve steel
snake bone
snake eye
snake head
snake mouth
snake poison
snake scale
snake skin
snake tail
snake tongue
snake tooth
snake venom
sock thread
sofa arm
sofa back
sofa cushion
sofa foot
sofa leather
sofa leg
sofa pillow
sofa seat
sofa upholstery
sofa velvet
sofa wood
song notes
songwriter lyrics
soup spoonful
spade blade
spade edge
spade end
spade handle
spade iron
spade metal
spade steel
spade wood
spear barb
spear blade
spear bronze
spear edge
spear end
spear handle
spear head
spear metal
spear point
spear shaft
spear spearhead
spear steel
spear tip
spear wood
spinach iron
spinach leaf
spinach stem
spoon handle
spoon head
spoon iron
spoon metal
spoon plastic
spoon silver
spoon steel
spoon wood
squirrel ear
squirrel eye
squirrel foot
squirrel fur
squirrel head
squirrel leg
squirrel mouth
squirrel muzzle
squirrel nose
squirrel tail
squirrel tooth
state city
state county
stereo amplifier
stereo antenna
stereo cable
stereo circuit
stereo control
stereo deck
stereo loudspeaker
stereo metal
stereo microphone
stereo music
stereo plastic
stereo player
stereo plug
stereo record
stereo recorder
stereo resistance
stereo speaker
stereo supply
stereo tape
stereo turntable
stereo wire
stove burner
stove cooker
stove electricity
stove element
stove food
stove gas
stove heater
stove metal
stove plug
stove steel
stove supply
stove top
stove wood
strawberry leaf
strawberry seed
supermarket aisle
swan beak
swan eye
swan feather
swan foot
swan head
swan neck
swan pinion
swan plumage
swan plume
swan rump
swan wing
sweater arm
sweater back
sweater button
sweater cashmere
sweater collar
sweater cotton
sweater cuff
sweater fabric
sweater fold
sweater front
sweater hem
sweater material
sweater neck
sweater pattern
sweater pocket
sweater sleeve
sweater wool
sword blade
sword bronze
sword edge
sword end
sword forte
sword grip
sword guard
sword handle
sword hilt
sword metal
sword point
sword sheath
sword steel
sword tip
symphony movements
table cloth
table cover
table drawer
table drawers
table foot
table leg
table marble
table metal
table surface
table tabletop
table tableware
table top
table wood
tanker anchor
tanker bilge
tanker bow
tanker bridge
tanker bulkhead
tanker bulwark
tanker caboose
tanker captain
tanker crew
tanker deck
tanker engine
tanker fin
tanker fore
tanker frame
tanker funnel
tanker helm
tanker hull
tanker iron
tanker keel
tanker metal
tanker oil
tanker petroleum
tanker propeller
tanker rudder
tanker sailor
tanker skeleton
tanker starboard
tanker steel
tanker superstructure
tanker tank
tanker topside
tanker turbine
teacher students
team players
television amplifier
television antenna
television cable
television channel
television circuit
television control
television loudspeaker
television metal
television monitor
television plastic
television plug
television resistance
television screen
television show
television speaker
television supply
television tube
television video
television wire
thread snip
tiger claw
tiger ear
tiger eye
tiger fur
tiger head
tiger jaw
tiger leg
tiger mane
tiger mouth
tiger muzzle
tiger nose
tiger paw
tiger stripe
tiger tail
tiger tooth
toaster bread
toaster element
toaster engine
toaster inside
toaster metal
toaster plug
toaster rack
toaster steel
toaster supply
toaster top
train back
train caboose
train car
train carriage
train coach
train coal
train conductor
train diesel
train door
train driver
train electricity
train engine
train front
train interior
train iron
train locomotive
train motor
train passenger
train rail
train rear
train seat
train steam
train steel
train top
train track
train wheel
train window
tree bark
tree branch
tree root
trout bone
trout eye
trout fin
trout head
trout mouth
trout scale
trout skin
trout tail
truck accelerator
truck back
truck belt
truck bonnet
truck brake
truck bumper
truck cargo
truck color
truck compartment
truck diesel
truck door
truck driver
truck engine
truck floor
truck frame
truck front
truck fuel
truck gas
truck gasoline
truck gear
truck handbrake
truck hood
truck horn
truck inside
truck interior
truck light
truck metal
truck mirror
truck motor
truck oil
truck petrol
truck plate
truck radiator
truck radio
truck rear
truck roof
truck seat
truck seatbelt
truck steel
truck tank
truck tire
truck top
truck trailer
truck trunk
truck wheel
truck window
truck windscreen
truck windshield
trumpet bore
trumpet brass
trumpet hole
trumpet key
trumpet metal
trumpet mouthpiece
trumpet silver
trumpet valve
tuna bone
tuna eye
tuna fin
tuna head
tuna mouth
tuna scale
tuna skin
tuna tail
turtle eye
turtle foot
turtle head
turtle leg
turtle neck
turtle scale
turtle shell
turtle skin
turtle tail
van accelerator
van back
van belt
van bonnet
van brake
van bumper
van cargo
van color
van compartment
van diesel
van door
van driver
van engine
van floor
van frame
van front
van fuel
van gas
van gasoline
van gear
van handbrake
van hood
van horn
van inside
van interior
van light
van metal
van mirror
van motor
van oil
van passenger
van petrol
van plate
van radiator
van radio
van rear
van roof
van seat
van seatbelt
van steel
van tank
van tire
van top
van trailer
van trunk
van wheel
van window
van windscreen
van windshield
vest back
vest button
vest cotton
vest fabric
vest front
vest hem
vest material
vest silk
vest wool
villa bathroom
villa bedroom
villa brick
villa ceiling
villa concrete
villa door
villa exterior
villa fireplace
villa floor
villa furniture
villa garage
villa garden
villa gate
villa guest
villa inside
villa interior
villa kitchen
villa outside
villa owner
villa roof
villa room
villa stair
villa stairs
villa stone
villa window
villa wood
violin back
violin body
violin bottom
violin bout
violin bow
violin bridge
violin front
violin hole
violin neck
violin peg
violin rest
violin scroll
violin string
violin top
violin tuner
violin wood
vulture beak
vulture claw
vulture eye
vulture feather
vulture foot
vulture head
vulture neck
vulture pinion
vulture plumage
vulture plume
vulture rump
vulture wing
wall bricks
wall plaster
wardrobe bar
wardrobe blouse
wardrobe bottom
wardrobe clothes
wardrobe clothing
wardrobe coat
wardrobe door
wardrobe dress
wardrobe garment
wardrobe hanger
wardrobe inside
wardrobe jacket
wardrobe pant
wardrobe pants
wardrobe shelf
wardrobe shirt
wardrobe shoe
wardrobe side
wardrobe skirt
wardrobe top
wardrobe underwear
wardrobe wood
washer basket
washer button
washer clothes
washer clothing
washer control
washer detergent
washer dial
washer door
washer drum
washer engine
washer front
washer inside
washer lid
washer metal
washer motor
washer plug
washer rack
washer soap
washer steel
washer supply
washer top
washer water
washer window
washer windscreen
wasp antenna
wasp body
wasp head
wasp leg
wasp stinger
wasp wing
week day
whale bone
whale eye
whale fat
whale fin
whale head
whale mouth
whale oil
whale skin
whale tail
whale tooth
wig hair
willow bark
willow branch
willow crown
willow flower
willow leaf
willow limb
willow root
willow stump
willow trunk
willow wood
wine alcohol
wire metal
words letters
wrench handle
wrench head
wrench iron
wrench jaw
wrench metal
wrench steel
yacht anchor
yacht bilge
yacht bow
yacht cabin
yacht crew
yacht engine
yacht fin
yacht fore
yacht hull
yacht interior
yacht iron
yacht keel
yacht mast
yacht metal
yacht motor
yacht rudder
yacht sail
yacht sailor
yacht steel
yacht wood
yogurt milk
zebra stripes
zoo animal
zoo lion
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Cause-Effect
accident damage
bath cleanliness
cold sneeze
digging hole
disagreement anger
disease sickness
eating fullness
education expertise
exercise fatigue
exercise fitness
experience confidence
explosion damage
fire burns
food fullness
germs sickness
headache stress
heater warmth
hit injury
illness discomfort
injury pain
learning study
loss grief
question answer
repetition boredom
run sweat
sadness tears
sex pregnancy
showering cleanliness
sow germinate
stimulus response
stress headache
study learning
sugar energy
sweating odor
tiredness sleep
tragedy tears
workout sweat
yelling anger
:syn-verb_past
accept accepted
accommodate accommodated
allow allowed
ask asked
avoid avoided
become became
begin began
believe believed
be was
bring brought
build built
buy bought
call called
celebrate celebrated
change changed
come came
consider considered
continue continued
create created
decide decided
determine determined
develop developed
discuss discussed
do did
earn earned
eliminate eliminated
end ended
ensure ensured
extend extended
feel felt
find found
follow followed
get got
give gave
go went
happen happened
have had
help helped
hold held
improve improved
include included
increase increased
join joined
keep kept
know knew
lead led
learn learned
leave left
like liked
live lived
look looked
make made
meet met
move moved
need needed
offer offered
open opened
pay paid
play played
preserve preserved
prevent prevented
produce produced
promote promoted
protect protected
prove proved
provide provided
raise raised
reach reached
receive received
recognize recognized
reduce reduced
remain remained
require required
resolve resolved
return returned
run ran
save saved
say said
seek sought
seem seemed
see saw
sell sold
send sent
serve served
show showed
start started
stay stayed
stop stopped
study studied
support supported
take took
tell told
think thought
try tried
turn turned
understand understood
use used
want wanted
win won
work worked
:sem-event
acquire library
add garlic
add parsley
admit hospital
aim cannon
aim gun
aim pistol
aim revolver
aim rifle
amass shovel
anchor battleship
anchor ferry
anchor frigate
anchor tanker
anchor yacht
announce radio
announce television
annoy hornet
annoy wasp
answer phone
arrive ambulance
arrive battleship
arrive bomber
arrive bus
arrive car
arrive castle
arrive cathedral
arrive cottage
arrive ferry
arrive fighter
arrive frigate
arrive helicopter
arrive hospital
arrive hotel
arrive jet
arrive library
arrive motorcycle
arrive pub
arrive restaurant
arrive scooter
arrive tanker
arrive train
arrive truck
arrive van
arrive villa
arrive yacht
assemble bookcase
assemble desk
assemble hammer
assemble screwdriver
assemble table
assemble wardrobe
assemble wrench
attack alligator
attack ant
attack battleship
attack bear
attack bomb
attack bomber
attack bull
attack cannon
attack castle
attack dagger
attack fighter
attack frigate
attack gorilla
attack grenade
attack gun
attack hatchet
attack helicopter
attack hornet
attack jet
attack lion
attack pistol
attack rat
attack revolver
attack rifle
attack snake
attack spear
attack sword
attack tiger
attack wasp
attract moth
bake apple
bake oven
bake potato
bake stove
bark fox
bask alligator
bask lizard
bask snake
beat hammer
belong castle
belong cottage
belong hotel
belong villa
bite ant
bite rabbit
bite rat
bite snake
blare trumpet
blast bomb
blast grenade
blast missile
blaze cannon
blaze gun
blaze pistol
blaze revolver
blaze rifle
blow bomb
blow clarinet
blow flute
blow grenade
blow missile
blow saxophone
blow trumpet
board battleship
board bus
board ferry
board fighter
board frigate
board helicopter
board tanker
board train
board yacht
boil beet
boil broccoli
boil cabbage
boil cauliflower
boil corn
boil onion
boil potato
boil stove
bolt horse
bolt lettuce
bomb battleship
bomb bomber
bomb cannon
bomb fighter
bomb frigate
bomb helicopter
bomb jet
bomb missile
borrow library
brake ambulance
brake bomber
brake bus
brake car
brake fighter
brake helicopter
brake jet
brake motorcycle
brake scooter
brake train
brake truck
brake van
brandish dagger
brandish gun
brandish knife
brandish pistol
brandish revolver
brandish rifle
brandish spear
brandish sword
break ambulance
break bag
break battleship
break bomber
break bottle
break bowl
break box
break bus
break car
break chair
break dishwasher
break ferry
break fighter
break freezer
break fridge
break frigate
break hammer
break helicopter
break jar
break jet
break motorcycle
break mug
break oven
break phone
break radio
break scooter
break stereo
break stove
break tanker
break television
break toaster
break train
break truck
break van
break washer
break yacht
breathe alligator
breathe ant
breathe bear
breathe beaver
breathe beetle
breathe bull
breathe butterfly
breathe carp
breathe cat
breathe catfish
breathe cockroach
breathe cod
breathe cow
breathe crow
breathe deer
breathe dolphin
breathe donkey
breathe dove
breathe eagle
breathe elephant
breathe falcon
breathe fox
breathe frog
breathe goat
breathe goldfish
breathe goose
breathe gorilla
breathe grasshopper
breathe hawk
breathe herring
breathe hornet
breathe horse
breathe lion
breathe lizard
breathe mackerel
breathe moth
breathe owl
breathe penguin
breathe pheasant
breathe pig
breathe pigeon
breathe rabbit
breathe rat
breathe robin
breathe salmon
breathe sheep
breathe snake
breathe squirrel
breathe swan
breathe tiger
breathe trout
breathe tuna
breathe turtle
breathe vulture
breathe wasp
breathe whale
breed bull
breed carp
breed catfish
breed cow
breed donkey
breed goat
breed goldfish
breed horse
breed owl
breed pig
breed rabbit
breed sheep
breed trout
broadcast radio
broadcast television
brown toaster
build ambulance
build ant
build battleship
build beaver
build bed
build bomb
build bomber
build bookcase
build bus
build cannon
build car
build castle
build cathedral
build cottage
build couch
build dagger
build desk
build dishwasher
build dresser
build fighter
build freezer
build fridge
build frigate
build grenade
build gun
build hammer
build helicopter
build hospital
build hotel
build jet
build knife
build library
build missile
build motorcycle
build oven
build phone
build pistol
build pub
build radio
build restaurant
build revolver
build rifle
build saw
build scooter
build screwdriver
build sofa
build spear
build stereo
build stove
build sword
build table
build television
build toaster
build train
build truck
build van
build villa
build wardrobe
build washer
build wrench
burn castle
burn cathedral
burn cottage
burn hospital
burn hotel
burn library
burn oven
burn pub
burn restaurant
burn stove
burn toaster
burn villa
butter corn
button blouse
button coat
button dress
button glove
button hat
button jacket
button scarf
button shirt
button sweater
buy bag
buy bed
buy blouse
buy bookcase
buy bottle
buy bowl
buy box
buy car
buy castle
buy cello
buy chair
buy chisel
buy clarinet
buy cloak
buy coat
buy cottage
buy couch
buy desk
buy dress
buy dresser
buy flute
buy fork
buy glove
buy goldfish
buy guitar
buy hammer
buy hat
buy hatchet
buy jacket
buy jar
buy knife
buy motorcycle
buy mug
buy piano
buy pub
buy rake
buy restaurant
buy robe
buy saw
buy saxophone
buy scarf
buy scooter
buy screwdriver
buy shirt
buy shovel
buy sieve
buy sofa
buy spade
buy spoon
buy sweater
buy table
buy truck
buy trumpet
buy van
buy vest
buy villa
buy violin
buy wardrobe
buy wrench
buy yacht
buzz hornet
buzz wasp
call ambulance
call phone
can herring
can mackerel
can tuna
capture battleship
capture beetle
capture butterfly
capture castle
capture cockroach
capture frigate
capture grasshopper
capture hornet
capture moth
capture wasp
care hospital
carry ambulance
carry bag
carry bomb
carry bomber
carry bookcase
carry bottle
carry bowl
carry box
carry bus
carry cannon
carry car
carry cello
carry chisel
carry clarinet
carry cloak
carry coat
carry dagger
carry donkey
carry elephant
carry ferry
carry fighter
carry flute
carry fork
carry glove
carry grenade
carry guitar
carry gun
carry hammer
carry hatchet
carry helicopter
carry horse
carry jacket
carry jar
carry jet
carry knife
carry missile
carry motorcycle
carry mug
carry piano
carry pistol
carry rake
carry revolver
carry rifle
carry saw
carry saxophone
carry scooter
carry screwdriver
carry shovel
carry sieve
carry spade
carry spear
carry spoon
carry sword
carry tanker
carry train
carry truck
carry trumpet
carry van
carry violin
carry wrench
carry yacht
carve chisel
carve knife
castrate bull
catch beetle
catch bus
catch butterfly
catch carp
catch catfish
catch cockroach
catch cod
catch dolphin
catch eagle
catch falcon
catch ferry
catch fox
catch frog
catch goose
catch grasshopper
catch hawk
catch herring
catch hornet
catch lizard
catch mackerel
catch moth
catch owl
catch pigeon
catch rabbit
catch salmon
catch snake
catch train
catch trout
catch tuna
catch vulture
catch wasp
catch whale
caw crow
celebrate cathedral
change blouse
change coat
change dress
change glove
change hat
change jacket
change robe
change scarf
change shirt
change sweater
change vest
charge bull
chase alligator
chase bear
chase beaver
chase cat
chase deer
chase elephant
chase fox
chase frog
chase goat
chase gorilla
chase lion
chase lizard
chase moth
chase rabbit
chase rat
chase snake
chase squirrel
chase tiger
chase turtle
chew beaver
chirp grasshopper
chirp robin
choose blouse
choose coat
choose dress
choose glove
choose hat
choose jacket
choose robe
choose scarf
choose shirt
choose sweater
choose vest
chop beet
chop broccoli
chop cabbage
chop carrot
chop cauliflower
chop celery
chop coconut
chop cucumber
chop garlic
chop hatchet
chop knife
chop lettuce
chop onion
chop parsley
chop pineapple
chop radish
chop spinach
circle eagle
circle falcon
circle hawk
circle vulture
clean bag
clean blouse
clean bookcase
clean bowl
clean box
clean cannon
clean carp
clean castle
clean cat
clean catfish
clean chisel
clean cloak
clean coat
clean cod
clean cottage
clean couch
clean dagger
clean desk
clean dishwasher
clean dress
clean dresser
clean fork
clean fridge
clean glove
clean gun
clean hammer
clean hat
clean hatchet
clean herring
clean jacket
clean knife
clean mackerel
clean mug
clean oven
clean pistol
clean rake
clean revolver
clean rifle
clean robe
clean salmon
clean saw
clean scarf
clean screwdriver
clean shirt
clean shovel
clean sofa
clean spade
clean spear
clean spoon
clean stove
clean sweater
clean sword
clean table
clean trout
clean tuna
clean vest
clean villa
clean wardrobe
clean washer
clean wrench
clear bookcase
clear desk
clear dresser
clear rake
clear shovel
clear table
clear wardrobe
climb beaver
climb bomber
climb fighter
climb gorilla
climb helicopter
climb jet
climb squirrel
close bag
close bottle
close box
close cathedral
close dishwasher
close dresser
close freezer
close fridge
close hotel
close jar
close library
close oven
close pub
close restaurant
close stove
close toaster
close wardrobe
close washer
coil snake
collect butterfly
collect cherry
collect library
collect rake
come ambulance
come battleship
come bomber
come bus
come car
come ferry
come fighter
come frigate
come helicopter
come jet
come motorcycle
come scooter
come tanker
come train
come truck
come van
come yacht
command battleship
command frigate
communicate dolphin
communicate gorilla
communicate phone
communicate radio
connect ferry
connect phone
consecrate cathedral
constrict snake
construct bookcase
construct castle
construct cathedral
construct cottage
construct desk
construct hammer
construct hospital
construct hotel
construct knife
construct library
construct pub
construct restaurant
construct saw
construct screwdriver
construct table
construct villa
construct wardrobe
construct wrench
contain bag
contain bookcase
contain bottle
contain bowl
contain box
contain dresser
contain jar
contain library
contain mug
contain wardrobe
cook apple
cook apricot
cook beet
cook broccoli
cook cabbage
cook carp
cook carrot
cook castle
cook catfish
cook cauliflower
cook celery
cook coconut
cook cod
cook corn
cook cottage
cook cranberry
cook cucumber
cook fork
cook garlic
cook goose
cook herring
cook knife
cook lemon
cook mackerel
cook onion
cook oven
cook parsley
cook peach
cook pheasant
cook plum
cook potato
cook radish
cook restaurant
cook salmon
cook spinach
cook spoon
cook stove
cook strawberry
cook toaster
cook trout
cook tuna
cook turtle
cook villa
cook whale
cool bottle
cool bowl
cool freezer
cool fridge
coo pigeon
cost ambulance
cost bus
cost car
cost castle
cost cottage
cost hotel
cost motorcycle
cost restaurant
cost scooter
cost train
cost truck
cost van
cost villa
couch bed
couch sofa
cover blouse
cover cloak
cover coat
cover desk
cover dress
cover glove
cover hat
cover jacket
cover robe
cover scarf
cover shirt
cover sweater
cover table
cover vest
crash ambulance
crash bomber
crash bus
crash car
crash fighter
crash helicopter
crash jet
crash motorcycle
crash scooter
crash train
crash truck
crash van
crawl ant
crawl beetle
crawl cockroach
crawl hornet
crawl snake
crawl wasp
creak bed
creak chair
croak frog
cross ferry
cross sword
cross yacht
cruise yacht
crush grape
cure hospital
cut apple
cut apricot
cut banana
cut beaver
cut beet
cut birch
cut broccoli
cut cabbage
cut carp
cut carrot
cut catfish
cut cauliflower
cut cedar
cut celery
cut coconut
cut cod
cut cucumber
cut cypress
cut dagger
cut elm
cut garlic
cut grapefruit
cut hatchet
cut herring
cut knife
cut lemon
cut lettuce
cut lime
cut lizard
cut mackerel
cut oak
cut onion
cut parsley
cut peach
cut pear
cut pine
cut plum
cut potato
cut radish
cut salmon
cut saw
cut spinach
cut strawberry
cut sword
cut trout
cut tuna
cut willow
damage bomb
damage grenade
damage missile
damage rifle
dance bear
dance butterfly
dance pub
decorate cathedral
defend bomb
defend cannon
defend castle
defend dagger
defend grenade
defend gun
defend pistol
defend revolver
defend rifle
defend spear
defend sword
defrost fridge
defuse bomb
defuse grenade
defuse missile
delay train
demolish castle
demolish cathedral
demolish cottage
demolish hospital
demolish hotel
demolish library
demolish pub
demolish restaurant
demolish villa
deploy missile
derail train
destroy battleship
destroy bomb
destroy bomber
destroy cannon
destroy castle
destroy cathedral
destroy cottage
destroy fighter
destroy frigate
destroy grenade
destroy hospital
destroy hotel
destroy library
destroy missile
destroy pub
destroy restaurant
destroy villa
detonate bomb
detonate grenade
detonate missile
devour ant
dial phone
die alligator
die ant
die bear
die beaver
die beetle
die birch
die bomb
die bull
die butterfly
die cannon
die carp
die cat
die catfish
die cedar
die cockroach
die cod
die cow
die crow
die cypress
die dagger
die deer
die dolphin
die donkey
die dove
die eagle
die elephant
die elm
die falcon
die fox
die frog
die goat
die goldfish
die goose
die gorilla
die grasshopper
die grenade
die gun
die hawk
die herring
die hornet
die horse
die hospital
die lion
die lizard
die mackerel
die missile
die moth
die oak
die owl
die penguin
die pheasant
die pig
die pigeon
die pine
die pistol
die rabbit
die rat
die revolver
die rifle
die robin
die salmon
die sheep
die snake
die spear
die squirrel
die swan
die sword
die tiger
die trout
die tuna
die turtle
die vulture
die wasp
die whale
die willow
dig shovel
dig spade
dine chair
dine table
disassemble bookcase
disassemble desk
disassemble hammer
disassemble screwdriver
disassemble table
disassemble wardrobe
disassemble wrench
discard gun
discharge hospital
discharge rifle
disconnect phone
discover bomb
discover grenade
dismantle hammer
dismantle hatchet
dismantle saw
dismantle screwdriver
dismantle wrench
display bookcase
display television
dive bomber
dive dolphin
dive fighter
dive whale
divide hatchet
divide knife
drain sieve
draw desk
draw horse
draw knife
draw rake
draw table
dress blouse
dress cloak
dress coat
dress hat
dress jacket
dress scarf
dress shirt
dress sweater
drink alligator
drink bear
drink beaver
drink bottle
drink bowl
drink bull
drink castle
drink cat
drink chair
drink cottage
drink couch
drink cow
drink deer
drink desk
drink donkey
drink elephant
drink fox
drink frog
drink goat
drink gorilla
drink horse
drink hotel
drink lion
drink mug
drink pig
drink pub
drink rabbit
drink rat
drink restaurant
drink sheep
drink sofa
drink spoon
drink table
drink tiger
drink turtle
drink villa
drive ambulance
drive bomber
drive bus
drive car
drive fighter
drive hammer
drive helicopter
drive jet
drive motorcycle
drive scooter
drive screwdriver
drive train
drive truck
drive van
drop bag
drop bomb
drop bomber
drop fighter
drop grenade
drop missile
dry apricot
dry coconut
dry cod
dry plum
dry washer
dust bookcase
dust box
dust desk
dust dresser
dust table
dust wardrobe
eat alligator
eat ant
eat apple
eat apricot
eat banana
eat bear
eat beaver
eat beet
eat beetle
eat bowl
eat broccoli
eat bull
eat butterfly
eat cabbage
eat carp
eat carrot
eat castle
eat cat
eat catfish
eat cauliflower
eat celery
eat chair
eat cherry
eat cockroach
eat coconut
eat cod
eat corn
eat cottage
eat couch
eat cow
eat cranberry
eat crow
eat cucumber
eat deer
eat desk
eat dolphin
eat donkey
eat dove
eat eagle
eat elephant
eat falcon
eat fork
eat fox
eat frog
eat garlic
eat goat
eat goose
eat gorilla
eat grape
eat grapefruit
eat grasshopper
eat hawk
eat herring
eat hornet
eat horse
eat hotel
eat knife
eat lemon
eat lettuce
eat lime
eat lion
eat lizard
eat mackerel
eat moth
eat onion
eat owl
eat parsley
eat peach
eat pear
eat penguin
eat pheasant
eat pig
eat pigeon
eat pineapple
eat plum
eat potato
eat pub
eat rabbit
eat radish
eat rat
eat restaurant
eat robin
eat salmon
eat sheep
eat snake
eat sofa
eat spinach
eat spoon
eat squirrel
eat strawberry
eat swan
eat table
eat tiger
eat trout
eat tuna
eat turtle
eat villa
eat vulture
eat wasp
eat whale
empty bag
empty bookcase
empty bottle
empty bowl
empty box
empty dresser
empty jar
empty mug
empty wardrobe
enjoy castle
enjoy cello
enjoy clarinet
enjoy cottage
enjoy flute
enjoy guitar
enjoy hotel
enjoy piano
enjoy pub
enjoy radio
enjoy restaurant
enjoy saxophone
enjoy stereo
enjoy television
enjoy trumpet
enjoy villa
enjoy violin
enter ambulance
enter battleship
enter bus
enter car
enter castle
enter cathedral
enter cottage
enter ferry
enter frigate
enter hotel
enter library
enter motorcycle
enter pub
enter restaurant
enter scooter
enter tanker
enter train
enter truck
enter van
enter villa
enter yacht
escort frigate
explode bomb
explode grenade
explode missile
explode tanker
fall bed
fall birch
fall bomb
fall bookcase
fall cedar
fall chair
fall cypress
fall desk
fall elm
fall grenade
fall missile
fall oak
fall pine
fall table
fall willow
farm bull
farm carp
farm catfish
farm cow
farm donkey
farm goat
farm horse
farm pig
farm rabbit
farm salmon
farm sheep
farm trout
fasten cloak
fatten pig
feed bull
feed carp
feed cat
feed catfish
feed cow
feed deer
feed dolphin
feed donkey
feed elephant
feed goat
feed goldfish
feed goose
feed horse
feed penguin
feed pig
feed pigeon
feed rabbit
feed sheep
feed squirrel
feed swan
feed trout
feed turtle
fence sword
ferment coconut
ferment grape
fight battleship
fight bomb
fight bomber
fight bull
fight cannon
fight dagger
fight fighter
fight frigate
fight grenade
fight gun
fight hatchet
fight helicopter
fight jet
fight missile
fight pistol
fight revolver
fight rifle
fight spear
fight sword
fill bag
fill bottle
fill bowl
fill box
fill jar
fill mug
fill spoon
fill tanker
filter sieve
find castle
find cathedral
find cottage
find hospital
find hotel
find library
find pub
find rat
find restaurant
find villa
fire battleship
fire cannon
fire frigate
fire gun
fire missile
fire pistol
fire revolver
fire rifle
fit blouse
fit cloak
fit coat
fit dress
fit glove
fit hat
fit jacket
fit robe
fit scarf
fit shirt
fit sweater
fit vest
fix ambulance
fix bag
fix bed
fix bomber
fix bookcase
fix bus
fix car
fix chair
fix dishwasher
fix dresser
fix fighter
fix freezer
fix fridge
fix hammer
fix helicopter
fix jet
fix motorcycle
fix oven
fix phone
fix radio
fix scooter
fix screwdriver
fix stereo
fix stove
fix table
fix television
fix toaster
fix train
fix truck
fix van
fix wardrobe
fix washer
fix wrench
flutter butterfly
flutter dove
flutter moth
flutter pigeon
fly beetle
fly bomber
fly butterfly
fly cockroach
fly crow
fly dove
fly eagle
fly falcon
fly fighter
fly goose
fly grasshopper
fly hat
fly hawk
fly helicopter
fly hornet
fly jet
fly missile
fly moth
fly owl
fly pheasant
fly pigeon
fly robin
fly swan
fly vulture
fly wasp
follow ant
follow goose
follow penguin
follow swan
found cathedral
found hospital
freeze freezer
frequent hotel
frequent pub
frequent restaurant
frighten alligator
frighten bear
frighten gorilla
frighten lion
frighten rat
frighten snake
frighten tiger
fry cauliflower
fry garlic
fry onion
fry potato
fry stove
fuck bed
fuck couch
fuck sofa
fuel ambulance
fuel battleship
fuel bomber
fuel bus
fuel car
fuel ferry
fuel fighter
fuel frigate
fuel helicopter
fuel jet
fuel motorcycle
fuel scooter
fuel tanker
fuel train
fuel truck
fuel van
fuel yacht
furnish castle
furnish cottage
furnish villa
gallop horse
garden rake
garden shovel
garden spade
gather squirrel
get bus
get train
go ambulance
go battleship
go bomber
go bus
go car
go castle
go cathedral
go cottage
go ferry
go fighter
go frigate
go helicopter
go hotel
go jet
go library
go motorcycle
go pub
go restaurant
go scooter
go tanker
go train
go truck
go van
go villa
go yacht
grab knife
grate beet
grate carrot
graze bull
graze cow
graze deer
graze donkey
graze goat
graze goose
graze horse
graze sheep
grill corn
grill oven
grill stove
grind corn
groom donkey
groom horse
grow apple
grow apricot
grow banana
grow beet
grow birch
grow broccoli
grow cabbage
grow carrot
grow cauliflower
grow cedar
grow celery
grow cherry
grow coconut
grow corn
grow cranberry
grow cucumber
grow cypress
grow elm
grow garlic
grow grape
grow grapefruit
growl bear
grow lemon
grow lettuce
grow lime
grow oak
grow onion
grow parsley
grow peach
grow pear
grow pine
grow pineapple
grow plum
grow potato
grow radish
grow spinach
grow strawberry
grow willow
hang blouse
hang cloak
hang coat
hang dress
hang hat
hang jacket
hang phone
hang robe
hang scarf
hang shirt
hang sweater
hang vest
hang wardrobe
harm bomb
harm cannon
harm dagger
harm grenade
harm gun
harm knife
harm missile
harm pistol
harm revolver
harm rifle
harm spear
harm sword
harvest corn
harvest cranberry
harvest grape
harvest onion
harvest plum
heal hospital
hear cello
hear clarinet
hear flute
hear guitar
hear owl
hear phone
hear piano
hear radio
hear saxophone
hear stereo
hear television
hear trumpet
hear violin
heat bowl
heat jar
heat mug
heat oven
heat stove
heat toaster
herd bull
herd cow
herd goat
herd sheep
hide alligator
hide bomb
hide cockroach
hide dagger
hide dresser
hide fox
hide grenade
hide gun
hide pistol
hide rabbit
hide rat
hide revolver
hide rifle
hide spear
hide squirrel
hide sword
hide turtle
hide wardrobe
hire car
hire van
hiss cat
hiss snake
hit battleship
hit bomb
hit bomber
hit cannon
hit chisel
hit dagger
hit fighter
hit frigate
hit grenade
hit gun
hit hammer
hit hatchet
hit missile
hit pistol
hit revolver
hit rifle
hit spear
hit sword
hold bag
hold bomb
hold bookcase
hold bottle
hold bowl
hold box
hold chisel
hold dagger
hold desk
hold dresser
hold fork
hold grenade
hold gun
hold hammer
hold hatchet
hold jar
hold knife
hold library
hold mug
hold pistol
hold rake
hold revolver
hold rifle
hold saw
hold screwdriver
hold shovel
hold sieve
hold spade
hold spear
hold spoon
hold sword
hold table
hold wardrobe
hold wrench
hop deer
hop frog
hop grasshopper
hop rabbit
hop robin
host castle
host cottage
host villa
hover eagle
hover falcon
hover hawk
hover helicopter
hover vulture
hug bed
hug sofa
hunt alligator
hunt bear
hunt beaver
hunt cat
hunt deer
hunt dolphin
hunt eagle
hunt elephant
hunt falcon
hunt fox
hunt goat
hunt goose
hunt gorilla
hunt gun
hunt hawk
hunt herring
hunt lion
hunt mackerel
hunt pheasant
hunt pigeon
hunt rabbit
hunt rat
hunt rifle
hunt snake
hunt spear
hunt squirrel
hunt tiger
hunt tuna
hunt vulture
hunt whale
hurt bomb
hurt cannon
hurt chisel
hurt dagger
hurt grenade
hurt gun
hurt hammer
hurt hatchet
hurt knife
hurt missile
hurt pistol
hurt revolver
hurt rifle
hurt saw
hurt snake
hurt spear
hurt sword
inaugurate cathedral
inaugurate hospital
inaugurate hotel
inaugurate library
inaugurate pub
inaugurate restaurant
infest cockroach
inhabit crow
inhabit dove
inhabit eagle
inhabit falcon
inhabit goose
inhabit hawk
inhabit owl
inhabit penguin
inhabit pheasant
inhabit pigeon
inhabit robin
inhabit swan
inhabit vulture
injure bomb
injure cannon
injure dagger
injure grenade
injure gun
injure pistol
injure revolver
injure rifle
injure spear
injure sword
install phone
install stereo
install television
iron blouse
iron shirt
jump cat
jump cow
jump deer
jump dolphin
jump goat
jump grasshopper
jump horse
jump rabbit
jump squirrel
keep bag
keep blouse
keep bookcase
keep bottle
keep bowl
keep box
keep cat
keep chisel
keep cloak
keep coat
keep dresser
keep fork
keep freezer
keep fridge
keep glove
keep goose
keep hammer
keep hat
keep hatchet
keep jacket
keep jar
keep knife
keep mug
keep pig
keep pigeon
keep rabbit
keep rake
keep robe
keep saw
keep scarf
keep screwdriver
keep shirt
keep shovel
keep sieve
keep spade
keep spoon
keep sweater
keep vest
keep wardrobe
keep wrench
kick donkey
kick horse
kill alligator
kill ant
kill bear
kill beaver
kill bomb
kill bull
kill cannon
kill cat
kill cockroach
kill cow
kill dagger
kill deer
kill dolphin
kill elephant
kill fox
kill frog
kill gorilla
kill grenade
kill gun
kill hatchet
kill hornet
kill knife
kill lion
kill lizard
kill missile
kill pig
kill pistol
kill rabbit
kill rat
kill revolver
kill rifle
kill snake
kill spear
kill squirrel
kill sword
kill tiger
kill tuna
kill wasp
kill whale
knit glove
knit scarf
knit sweater
knot scarf
land bomber
land fighter
land helicopter
land jet
launch missile
lay ant
lay beetle
lay butterfly
lay carp
lay catfish
lay cockroach
lay cod
lay crow
lay dove
lay eagle
lay falcon
lay frog
lay goldfish
lay goose
lay grasshopper
lay hawk
lay herring
lay hornet
lay mackerel
lay moth
lay owl
lay penguin
lay pheasant
lay pigeon
lay robin
lay salmon
lay snake
lay swan
lay trout
lay tuna
lay turtle
lay vulture
lay wasp
leap cat
leap frog
leap salmon
learn cello
learn clarinet
learn flute
learn gorilla
learn guitar
learn piano
learn saxophone
learn trumpet
learn violin
leave ambulance
leave battleship
leave bomber
leave bus
leave car
leave castle
leave cathedral
leave cottage
leave ferry
leave fighter
leave frigate
leave glove
leave helicopter
leave hospital
leave hotel
leave jet
leave library
leave motorcycle
leave pub
leave restaurant
leave scooter
leave tanker
leave train
leave truck
leave van
leave villa
leave yacht
lick cat
lick fork
lick spoon
lie bed
lie box
lie couch
lie pig
lie sofa
lift fork
lift spoon
link ferry
listen cello
listen clarinet
listen flute
listen guitar
listen phone
listen piano
listen radio
listen saxophone
listen stereo
listen television
listen trumpet
listen violin
live alligator
live ant
live bear
live beetle
live birch
live bull
live butterfly
live carp
live castle
live cat
live catfish
live cedar
live cockroach
live cod
live cottage
live cow
live crow
live cypress
live deer
live dolphin
live donkey
live dove
live eagle
live elephant
live elm
live falcon
live fox
live frog
live goat
live goldfish
live goose
live gorilla
live grasshopper
live hawk
live herring
live hornet
live horse
live hotel
live lion
live lizard
live mackerel
live moth
live oak
live owl
live penguin
live pheasant
live pig
live pigeon
live pine
live rabbit
live rat
live robin
live salmon
live sheep
live snake
live squirrel
live swan
live tiger
live trout
live tuna
live turtle
live villa
live vulture
live wasp
live whale
live willow
load ambulance
load bomber
load bus
load cannon
load car
load dishwasher
load ferry
load fighter
load gun
load helicopter
load jet
load motorcycle
load pistol
load revolver
load rifle
load scooter
load tanker
load train
load truck
load van
load washer
load yacht
loathe cockroach
lob grenade
lock box
lock car
loosen screwdriver
loosen wrench
lose glove
lose hat
lose scarf
make bed
make blouse
make cello
make chisel
make clarinet
make cloak
make coat
make dress
make flute
make fork
make glove
make guitar
make hammer
make hat
make hatchet
make jacket
make knife
make phone
make piano
make rake
make robe
make saw
make saxophone
make scarf
make screwdriver
make shirt
make shovel
make sieve
make spade
make spoon
make sweater
make toaster
make trumpet
make vest
make violin
make wrench
marry cathedral
maul lion
maul tiger
measure spoon
meet hotel
meet library
meet pub
meet restaurant
migrate robin
milk cow
milk goat
milk sheep
miss bus
miss train
mix bowl
mix spoon
moan dove
moor battleship
moor ferry
moor frigate
moor tanker
moor yacht
moult snake
mount donkey
mount horse
move ambulance
move battleship
move bomber
move bus
move car
move ferry
move fighter
move frigate
move helicopter
move jet
move motorcycle
move scooter
move tanker
move train
move truck
move van
move yacht
nail hammer
nap bed
nap couch
nap sofa
nest crow
nest dove
nest eagle
nest falcon
nest goose
nest hawk
nest owl
nest penguin
nest pheasant
nest pigeon
nest robin
nest snake
nest swan
nest vulture
open bag
open bottle
open box
open cathedral
open coconut
open dishwasher
open dresser
open freezer
open fridge
open hotel
open jar
open knife
open library
open oven
open pub
open restaurant
open stove
open toaster
open wardrobe
open washer
operate bus
operate ferry
operate hospital
operate phone
operate train
organize bookcase
organize dresser
organize wardrobe
own car
own castle
own cello
own clarinet
own cottage
own flute
own guitar
own hotel
own library
own motorcycle
own piano
own saxophone
own scooter
own truck
own trumpet
own van
own villa
own violin
pack bag
pack box
park ambulance
park bus
park car
park motorcycle
park scooter
park truck
park van
pass train
patrol battleship
patrol frigate
pay hotel
pay pub
pay restaurant
peck goose
peel apple
peel banana
peel beet
peel carrot
peel cucumber
peel grapefruit
peel knife
peel onion
peel peach
peel pear
peel pineapple
peel potato
perform cello
perform clarinet
perform flute
perform guitar
perform piano
perform saxophone
perform trumpet
perform violin
pick apple
pick apricot
pick cherry
pick cranberry
pick fork
pick grape
pick guitar
pickle cucumber
pickle radish
pick onion
pick plum
pick strawberry
pierce knife
pierce spear
pin butterfly
place bomb
place cannon
place grenade
plant beet
plant birch
plant broccoli
plant cabbage
plant carrot
plant cauliflower
plant cedar
plant celery
plant corn
plant cucumber
plant cypress
plant elm
plant garlic
plant lettuce
plant oak
plant onion
plant parsley
plant pine
plant potato
plant radish
plant spinach
plant willow
play cathedral
play cello
play clarinet
play couch
play desk
play dolphin
play flute
play guitar
play piano
play pub
play radio
play saxophone
play sofa
play table
play trumpet
play violin
pluck guitar
plug guitar
plumb wrench
poach alligator
poach deer
poach gorilla
poach lion
poach salmon
poach tiger
point cannon
point dagger
point gun
point pistol
point revolver
point rifle
point spear
point sword
pollute bus
pollute car
pollute motorcycle
pollute scooter
pollute truck
pollute van
pop toaster
position cannon
pound hammer
pour bottle
pour bowl
pour mug
pour spoon
practice cello
practice clarinet
practice flute
practice guitar
practice piano
practice saxophone
practice trumpet
practice violin
pray cathedral
preach cathedral
prepare bed
preserve freezer
preserve jar
press grape
produce ambulance
produce bag
produce blouse
produce bomb
produce bomber
produce bottle
produce bowl
produce box
produce bus
produce cannon
produce car
produce cello
produce chisel
produce clarinet
produce cloak
produce coat
produce dagger
produce dishwasher
produce dress
produce fighter
produce flute
produce fork
produce freezer
produce fridge
produce glove
produce grenade
produce guitar
produce gun
produce hammer
produce hat
produce hatchet
produce helicopter
produce jacket
produce jar
produce jet
produce knife
produce missile
produce motorcycle
produce mug
produce oven
produce phone
produce piano
produce pistol
produce radio
produce rake
produce revolver
produce rifle
produce robe
produce saw
produce saxophone
produce scarf
produce scooter
produce screwdriver
produce shirt
produce shovel
produce sieve
produce spade
produce spear
produce spoon
produce stereo
produce stove
produce sweater
produce sword
produce television
produce toaster
produce truck
produce trumpet
produce van
produce vest
produce violin
produce washer
produce wrench
protect bookcase
protect cannon
protect castle
protect cloak
protect coat
protect dagger
protect glove
protect gorilla
protect gun
protect hat
protect jacket
protect pistol
protect revolver
protect rifle
protect robe
protect scarf
protect spear
protect sword
protect turtle
protect vest
protect wardrobe
protect whale
pull blouse
pull cannon
pull cloak
pull coat
pull donkey
pull dress
pull glove
pull hammer
pull hat
pull horse
pull jacket
pull robe
pull scarf
pull shirt
pull sweater
pull vest
purr cat
push cannon
put bag
put blouse
put bookcase
put bottle
put bowl
put box
put cloak
put coat
put desk
put dishwasher
put dress
put dresser
put fork
put freezer
put fridge
put glove
put hammer
put hat
put jacket
put jar
put mug
put oven
put robe
put scarf
put shirt
put sieve
put spoon
put sweater
put table
put toaster
put vest
put wardrobe
put washer
race car
race horse
race motorcycle
race scooter
race yacht
raise hat
read bed
read couch
read desk
read library
read sofa
read table
receive phone
receive radio
receive stereo
receive television
recommend hotel
recommend restaurant
recycle bag
recycle bottle
recycle bowl
recycle box
recycle jar
recycle mug
refuel ambulance
refuel battleship
refuel bomber
refuel bus
refuel car
refuel ferry
refuel fighter
refuel frigate
refuel helicopter
refuel jet
refuel motorcycle
refuel scooter
refuel tanker
refuel train
refuel truck
refuel van
refuel yacht
reheat oven
reheat stove
relax bed
relax castle
relax chair
relax cottage
relax couch
relax hotel
relax pub
relax restaurant
relax sofa
relax villa
remove hat
remove rake
remove shovel
remove spade
renovate castle
renovate cottage
renovate villa
rent castle
rent cottage
rent dress
rent jacket
rent villa
repair ambulance
repair bag
repair bed
repair bomber
repair bookcase
repair bus
repair car
repair chair
repair dishwasher
repair dresser
repair fighter
repair freezer
repair fridge
repair hammer
repair helicopter
repair jet
repair motorcycle
repair oven
repair phone
repair radio
repair scooter
repair screwdriver
repair stereo
repair stove
repair table
repair television
repair toaster
repair train
repair truck
repair van
repair wardrobe
repair washer
repair wrench
repel garlic
rescue ambulance
rescue helicopter
research library
rest castle
rest chair
rest cottage
rest couch
rest hotel
restore cathedral
rest sofa
rest villa
ride ambulance
ride bull
ride bus
ride car
ride donkey
ride elephant
ride horse
ride motorcycle
ride scooter
ride train
ride truck
ride van
ring phone
ripen apple
ripen apricot
ripen banana
ripen cherry
ripen cranberry
ripen grape
ripen grapefruit
ripen lemon
ripen lime
ripen peach
ripen pear
ripen pineapple
ripen plum
ripen strawberry
roar lion
roar tiger
roast corn
roast oven
roast stove
rock chair
roost crow
roost dove
roost eagle
roost falcon
roost goose
roost hawk
roost owl
roost penguin
roost pheasant
roost pigeon
roost robin
roost swan
roost vulture
rot apple
rot apricot
rot banana
rot beet
rot broccoli
rot cabbage
rot carrot
rot cauliflower
rot celery
rot cherry
rot coconut
rot corn
rot cranberry
rot cucumber
rot garlic
rot grape
rot grapefruit
rot lemon
rot lettuce
rot lime
rot onion
rot parsley
rot peach
rot pear
rot pineapple
rot plum
rot potato
rot radish
rot spinach
rot strawberry
run alligator
run ambulance
run bear
run beaver
run bomber
run bull
run bus
run car
run cat
run deer
run donkey
run fighter
run goat
run gorilla
run helicopter
run horse
run hotel
run jet
run lion
run lizard
run motorcycle
run pub
run rabbit
run rat
run restaurant
run scooter
run squirrel
run tiger
run train
run truck
run van
saddle donkey
saddle horse
sail battleship
sail ferry
sail frigate
sail tanker
sail yacht
salt cod
salt herring
save dolphin
save elephant
save gorilla
save turtle
scare bear
scare lion
scare rat
scare tiger
scavenge vulture
scoop shovel
scoop spoon
scratch bear
scratch cat
screw screwdriver
sculpt chisel
scurry rat
scuttle cockroach
scuttle lizard
season garlic
season parsley
see bear
see cat
see eagle
see falcon
see hawk
see lion
see owl
see rat
see tiger
see vulture
sell bag
sell bed
sell blouse
sell bookcase
sell bottle
sell bowl
sell box
sell car
sell castle
sell cello
sell chair
sell clarinet
sell cloak
sell coat
sell cottage
sell couch
sell desk
sell dress
sell dresser
sell flute
sell glove
sell guitar
sell hat
sell jacket
sell jar
sell motorcycle
sell mug
sell piano
sell pub
sell restaurant
sell robe
sell saxophone
sell scarf
sell scooter
sell shirt
sell sofa
sell sweater
sell table
sell truck
sell trumpet
sell van
sell vest
sell villa
sell violin
sell wardrobe
sell yacht
send box
separate sieve
serve fork
serve pub
serve restaurant
serve spoon
sew coat
sew dress
sew jacket
sew shirt
sew vest
shade hat
shake sieve
sharpen dagger
sharpen hatchet
sharpen knife
sharpen saw
sharpen spear
sharpen sword
shear sheep
shed snake
shell battleship
shell cannon
shell frigate
ship box
ship truck
ship van
shoe donkey
shoe horse
shoot alligator
shoot bear
shoot beaver
shoot bomber
shoot cannon
shoot fighter
shoot fox
shoot goat
shoot goose
shoot gorilla
shoot gun
shoot helicopter
shoot jet
shoot pheasant
shoot pistol
shoot rabbit
shoot revolver
shoot rifle
shovel shovel
show television
shy horse
siege castle
sieve sieve
sing cathedral
sing pub
sing radio
sing robin
sing swan
sink battleship
sink ferry
sink frigate
sink yacht
sit ambulance
sit bed
sit bomber
sit bus
sit car
sit castle
sit cat
sit chair
sit cottage
sit couch
sit crow
sit desk
sit dove
sit eagle
sit falcon
sit fighter
sit frog
sit hawk
sit helicopter
sit hotel
sit jet
sit motorcycle
sit owl
sit pigeon
sit pub
sit restaurant
sit robin
sit scooter
sit sofa
sit table
sit train
sit truck
sit van
sit villa
sit vulture
skin knife
skipper yacht
slash knife
sleep alligator
sleep bear
sleep bed
sleep bull
sleep castle
sleep cat
sleep cottage
sleep couch
sleep cow
sleep goat
sleep gorilla
sleep hospital
sleep hotel
sleep lion
sleep pig
sleep rabbit
sleep rat
sleep sheep
sleep sofa
sleep tiger
sleep villa
slice apple
slice apricot
slice banana
slice beet
slice carrot
slice celery
slice cucumber
slice garlic
slice grapefruit
slice knife
slice onion
slice peach
slice pear
slice pineapple
slice potato
slice radish
slice strawberry
slither snake
slow train
smash hammer
smell cat
smell garlic
smell pig
smoke herring
smoke mackerel
smoke salmon
smoke tuna
soar eagle
soar falcon
soar hawk
soar vulture
sound cello
sound clarinet
sound flute
sound guitar
sound phone
sound piano
sound saxophone
sound television
sound trumpet
sound violin
sow lettuce
speak phone
speed car
speed motorcycle
speed scooter
spill bottle
spill bowl
spill jar
spill mug
spill tanker
spin bottle
split hatchet
split knife
spot eagle
spot falcon
spot hawk
spot owl
spot vulture
spread knife
spur horse
squeal pig
squeeze grapefruit
squeeze lemon
squeeze lime
stab dagger
stab knife
stable donkey
stable horse
stab spear
stab sword
stain beet
stain blouse
stain dress
stain hat
stain scarf
stain shirt
stain sweater
stalk cat
stalk deer
stalk lion
stalk tiger
stall bomber
stall fighter
stall helicopter
stall jet
stand birch
stand bottle
stand bus
stand castle
stand cathedral
stand cedar
stand chair
stand cottage
stand cypress
stand desk
stand donkey
stand elm
stand horse
stand hospital
stand hotel
stand library
stand oak
stand pine
stand pub
stand restaurant
stand table
stand train
stand villa
stand willow
stay bed
stay castle
stay cottage
stay couch
stay hospital
stay hotel
stay library
stay pub
stay restaurant
stay sofa
stay villa
steal car
steal motorcycle
steal phone
steal radio
steal scooter
steal stereo
steal television
steam beet
steam broccoli
steam carrot
steam cauliflower
steam potato
steam spinach
sterilize jar
sting hornet
sting wasp
stir spoon
stop ambulance
stop battleship
stop bomber
stop bus
stop car
stop ferry
stop fighter
stop frigate
stop helicopter
stop jet
stop motorcycle
stop scooter
stop tanker
stop train
stop truck
stop van
stop yacht
store bag
store bookcase
store bottle
store bowl
store box
store dresser
store freezer
store fridge
store jar
store library
store mug
store squirrel
store wardrobe
strain sieve
strike battleship
strike bomb
strike bomber
strike cannon
strike dagger
strike fighter
strike frigate
strike grenade
strike gun
strike hammer
strike hatchet
strike missile
strike pistol
strike revolver
strike rifle
strike spear
stroke cat
study butterfly
study cello
study chair
study clarinet
study desk
study flute
study guitar
study library
study piano
study saxophone
study table
study trumpet
study violin
suck spoon
supply ferry
supply tanker
support bookcase
support chair
support desk
support dresser
support table
support wardrobe
swim alligator
swim bear
swim beaver
swim carp
swim catfish
swim cod
swim dolphin
swim frog
swim goldfish
swim goose
swim herring
swim mackerel
swim penguin
swim salmon
swim swan
swim trout
swim tuna
swim turtle
swim whale
swing hammer
swing hatchet
switch dishwasher
switch freezer
switch fridge
switch oven
switch radio
switch stereo
switch stove
switch television
switch toaster
switch washer
swivel chair
swoop eagle
swoop falcon
swoop hawk
swoop vulture
take ambulance
take bag
take bomber
take bus
take car
take ferry
take fighter
take helicopter
take jet
take motorcycle
take scooter
take train
talk phone
tame elephant
tame horse
tame lion
tame tiger
teach gorilla
teach guitar
teach piano
tear blouse
tear cloak
tear coat
tear dress
tear hat
tear hatchet
tear jacket
tear knife
tear saw
tear scarf
tear shirt
tear sweater
tear wrench
tether donkey
tether goat
tether horse
throw bag
throw blouse
throw bomb
throw bookcase
throw bottle
throw chair
throw cloak
throw coat
throw couch
throw desk
throw dishwasher
throw dress
throw dresser
throw freezer
throw fridge
throw glove
throw grenade
throw hat
throw hatchet
throw jacket
throw knife
throw missile
throw phone
throw radio
throw robe
throw scarf
throw shirt
throw sofa
throw spear
throw stereo
throw sweater
throw table
throw television
throw toaster
throw vest
throw wardrobe
throw washer
thrust dagger
thrust spear
thrust sword
tidy desk
tidy table
tie scarf
tighten screwdriver
tighten wrench
toast toaster
torpedo battleship
torpedo frigate
train dolphin
transfer hospital
transmit radio
transmit television
trap beaver
travel ambulance
travel battleship
travel bomber
travel bus
travel car
travel ferry
travel fighter
travel frigate
travel helicopter
travel jet
travel motorcycle
travel scooter
travel tanker
travel train
travel truck
travel van
travel yacht
treat hospital
trot donkey
trot horse
trumpet elephant
tune cello
tune clarinet
tune flute
tune guitar
tune piano
tune radio
tune saxophone
tune stereo
tune television
tune trumpet
tune violin
turn ambulance
turn bus
turn car
turn dishwasher
turn freezer
turn fridge
turn motorcycle
turn oven
turn radio
turn scooter
turn screwdriver
turn stereo
turn stove
turn television
turn toaster
turn truck
turn van
turn washer
turn wrench
twist knife
twist wrench
unload ferry
unload tanker
unload truck
unload van
unload yacht
unlock box
unscrew screwdriver
unzip coat
unzip dress
unzip jacket
use ambulance
use bomb
use bomber
use bus
use cannon
use car
use cello
use chisel
use clarinet
use dagger
use dishwasher
use fighter
use flute
use fork
use freezer
use fridge
use grenade
use guitar
use gun
use hammer
use hatchet
use helicopter
use jet
use knife
use missile
use motorcycle
use oven
use phone
use piano
use pistol
use radio
use rake
use revolver
use rifle
use saw
use saxophone
use scooter
use screwdriver
use shovel
use sieve
use spade
use spear
use spoon
use stereo
use stove
use sword
use television
use toaster
use train
use truck
use trumpet
use van
use violin
use washer
use wrench
visit castle
visit cathedral
visit cottage
visit hospital
visit hotel
visit library
visit pub
visit villa
waddle goose
waddle penguin
waddle swan
walk alligator
walk ant
walk bear
walk beetle
walk bull
walk cat
walk cow
walk crow
walk deer
walk donkey
walk elephant
walk fox
walk goat
walk goose
walk gorilla
walk horse
walk lion
walk lizard
walk penguin
walk pheasant
walk pig
walk pigeon
walk rat
walk sheep
walk swan
walk tiger
walk turtle
warm oven
warm stove
warm toaster
wash bag
wash blouse
wash bottle
wash bowl
wash broccoli
wash cabbage
wash cat
wash cauliflower
wash celery
wash cloak
wash coat
wash dishwasher
wash dress
wash fork
wash garlic
wash glove
wash hat
wash jacket
wash jar
wash knife
wash lettuce
wash mug
wash parsley
wash potato
wash radish
wash robe
wash scarf
wash shirt
wash spinach
wash spoon
wash sweater
wash vest
wash washer
watch butterfly
watch couch
watch sofa
watch television
wave hat
wave sword
wear blouse
wear cloak
wear coat
wear dress
wear glove
wear hat
wear jacket
wear robe
wear scarf
wear shirt
wear sweater
wear vest
whip donkey
whip horse
whir grasshopper
wield dagger
wield gun
wield hammer
wield hatchet
wield knife
wield pistol
wield revolver
wield sword
wipe chisel
wipe dishwasher
wipe fork
wipe freezer
wipe fridge
wipe gun
wipe knife
wipe oven
wipe radio
wipe saw
wipe screwdriver
wipe spoon
wipe stereo
wipe stove
wipe table
wipe television
wipe toaster
wipe washer
wipe wrench
work bus
work car
work chair
work chisel
work desk
work donkey
work hammer
work hatchet
work horse
work hospital
work hotel
work knife
work library
work motorcycle
work pub
work rake
work restaurant
work saw
work scooter
work screwdriver
work shovel
work spade
work table
work train
work truck
work van
work wrench
worship cathedral
wound bomb
wound cannon
wound dagger
wound grenade
wound gun
wound knife
wound missile
wound pistol
wound revolver
wound rifle
wound spear
wound sword
wrap box
wrap cloak
wrap scarf
write desk
write table
zip coat
zip dress
zip jacket
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Attachment
apple tree
bracelet wrist
branch tree
buckle strap
collar dog
curtains window
cushion chair
earring ear
faucet pipe
fur cat
gloves hands
grape vine
handle mug
hook wall
nail board
necklace neck
retainer teeth
ring finger
scarf neck
shoe foot
shoes feet
sock foot
squad platoon
stamp letter
stitch cloth
tires car
wheel axle
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Agent-Goal
addict fix
arsonist fire
astronaut space
athlete championship
athlete medal
athlete record
chef meal
christian heaven
dancer applause
doctor wellness
farmer food
farmer harvest
gambler millionaire
hunter prey
lawyer justice
man sex
mediator reconciliation
midwife babies
musician applause
painter portrait
patient health
politician office
runner finish
seamstress dress
singer contract
student degree
student graduation
students graduation
team trophy
traveler destination
workers salary
:sem-ATTRIBUTE$Object-TypicalAction(noun.verb)
addict use
artist paint
baby cry
bag contain
boxer fight
chef cook
cloud rain
computer compute
doctor cure
dog bark
door close
dynamite explode
educator teach
fire burn
fish swim
heart beat
housekeeper dust
ice melt
knife stab
lion roar
musician play
musician sing
pastor preach
rabbit hop
shovel dig
student learn
sun shine
switch flip
tailor sew
tree grow
water flow
water spill
wave crash
:sem-ATTRIBUTE$Action-ObjectAttribute
apple picker
collect fee
hunter game
paint house
vitamin deficiency
wine drink
:sem-REFERENCE$Sign-Significant
alarm action
badge authority
bell dinner
buzzer end
camera distrust
citation violation
cloud moisture
compass direction
crossbones poison
cross faith
crown royalty
crown sovereignty
cry help
diploma education
doctor diagnosis
engagement wedding
flag nation
flashing caution
green go
handshake agreement
license permission
lightning thunder
pregnancy baby
rain storm
red stop
sign direction
smile happiness
smoke fire
surgery hospital
thunder storm
warning trouble
wrinkle age
yellow caution
:sem-REFERENCE$Concealment
basement victim
boy gender
bushes trap
clothes body
clothes fabric
clothing figure
code message
costume gender
curtains room
curtain window
decoy motives
desk button
encryption data
flower plants
frosting cake
glove hand
hat hair
hood head
hose legs
lie whereabouts
makeup blemish
makeup blemishes
makeup face
makeup wrinkles
mask face
password access
pepper ingredients
safe valuables
smile unhappiness
sunglasses eyes
veil face
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Contiguity
bank river
bank stream
cover book
crust pie
ditch road
door inside
dunes beach
edge cliff
equator hemisphere
equator hemispheres
forest clearing
frame photograph
frame window
glass pane
grout tile
guardrail highway
gutters roof
hat head
hem skirt
margin page
margin paper
moat castle
mountain valley
porch house
railing stair
rim cup
shore lake
sidewalk yard
sill window
wall ceiling
wall floor
wall room
wall shelf
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Location-Instrument/AssociatedItem
ball sport
bank dollar
bedroom mattress
birthday present
car tires
casino cards
church hymnal
church pew
class teacher
firehouse pole
garage car
garage wrench
house kitchen
kitchen oven
kitchen pot
laboratory reagents
lavatory sink
office computer
office desk
office telephone
party cake
playground slide
racetrack cars
racetrack saddle
school classroom
service hymnal
sew needle
sport ball
store cart
toolbox hammer
war weapon
wedding ring
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Sequence
beginning middle
conception birth
flirtation tryst
foreword novel
hydrogen water
ingestion digestion
inhale smell
introduction conclusion
introduction speech
kindergarten preschool
kiss intercourse
lay sleep
letter postscript
letters word
letter word
meal dessert
paperwork appointment
performance applause
pregnancy birth
preview movie
previews movie
reach touch
searing roasting
shoot recoil
start finish
step journey
sugar cookies
text index
thread shirt
title story
trial arrest
wheel car
windup pitch
word sentence
:syn-prefix$re
accelerate reaccelerate
acquisition reacquisition
adjust readjust
admit readmit
appear reappear
appointment reappointment
appraisal reappraisal
arm rearm
arrange rearrange
assemble reassemble
assertion reassertion
assert reassert
assessment reassessment
assess reassess
assume reassume
assure reassure
awaken reawaken
bid rebid
birth rebirth
book rebook
brand rebrand
broadcast rebroadcast
calculate recalculate
call recall
cast recast
certify recertify
charge recharge
classify reclassify
condition recondition
configure reconfigure
connection reconnection
conquer reconquer
conquest reconquest
conversion reconversion
count recount
cycle recycle
definition redefinition
direct redirect
discount rediscount
do redo
double redouble
draw redraw
election reelection
elect reelect
enactment reenactment
engagement reengagement
entry reentry
evaluated reevaluated
evaluate reevaluate
evaluating reevaluating
examining reexamining
file refile
focus refocus
forestation reforestation
gain regain
grade regrade
group regroup
hear rehear
heat reheat
hire rehire
install reinstall
instate reinstate
insurance reinsurance
interpret reinterpret
invent reinvent
invest reinvest
issue reissue
jig rejig
link relink
live relive
load reload
location relocation
look relook
make remake
marriage remarriage
match rematch
model remodel
name rename
new renew
occurrence reoccurrence
open reopen
organize reorganize
paid repaid
paying repaying
petition repetition
phrase rephrase
playing replaying
populate repopulate
print reprint
purchase repurchase
qualify requalify
register reregister
route reroute
run rerun
schedule reschedule
shuffle reshuffle
size resize
sort resort
stage restage
start restart
state restate
stenosis restenosis
surface resurface
survey resurvey
target retarget
think rethink
transmission retransmission
treatment retreatment
trial retrial
try retry
union reunion
uptake reuptake
valuation revaluation
vamp revamp
vision revision
work rework
write rewrite
zone rezone
:sem-collective_noun
ambush tigers
army ants
army caterpillars
army frogs
array hedgehogs
bale turtles
band coyotes
band gorillas
band jays
barren mules
bed oysters
bed snakes
bevy deer
bevy doves
bevy otter
bevy swans
bob seals
bouquet pheasants
brace bucks
brace ducks
brood chickens
brood chicks
brood hens
brood turkeys
bury rabbits
cast hawks
catch fish
chattering chicks
clan hyenas
clash bucks
cloud gnats
clutch chicks
clutter cats
colony ants
colony badgers
colony beavers
colony frogs
colony gulls
colony penguins
colony rabbits
colony rats
colony seals
colony vultures
company parrots
congregation birds
congregation crocodiles
congregation plovers
congress baboons
convocation eagles
crash seals
creche penguins
cry hounds
culture bacteria
deceit lapwings
den snakes
destruction cats
dole doves
down hares
down rabbits
down sheep
drift hogs
drift swine
drove cattle
drove donkeys
drove goats
drove hares
drove oxen
drove pigs
drove rabbits
drove sheep
family otter
flange baboons
flight bees
flight birds
flight cormorants
flight doves
flight dragons
flight pigeons
flight swallows
float crocodiles
flock birds
flock camels
flock chickens
flock ducks
flock geese
flock pigeons
flock sheep
flock turkeys
flush ducks
fold sheep
gaggle geese
gang elk
generation vipers
glaring cats
glint goldfish
grist bees
harem seals
haul fish
herd antelope
herd boar
herd buffalo
herd cattle
herd deer
herd donkeys
herd elephants
herd elk
herd goats
herd horses
herd kangaroos
herd moose
herd oxen
herd pigs
herd seals
herd swans
herd walruses
herd whales
herd wolves
herd yaks
herd zebras
hive bees
horde gnats
horde hamsters
horde mice
horde rats
host sparrows
hover trout
huddle penguins
husk hares
husk rabbits
kennel dogs
kettle hawks
kindle cats
knot frogs
lead foxes
leap leopards
leash deer
leash foxes
leash greyhounds
leash hares
leash rabbits
litter cats
litter dogs
litter pigs
lodge beavers
lounge lizards
memory elephants
mischief mice
mischief rats
mob emus
mob kangaroos
murder crows
mute hounds
nest hornets
nest mice
nest pheasants
nest rabbits
nest snakes
nest vipers
nuisance cats
pace donkeys
pack bears
pack dogs
pack grouse
pack hounds
pack mules
pack rats
pack wolves
paddling ducks
parade elephants
parcel deer
parcel hogs
parcel penguins
parliament owls
party jays
peep chickens
pit snakes
plague locusts
plague rats
pod dolphins
pod seals
pod walruses
pod whales
pounce cats
pride lions
quiver cobras
raft ducks
raft otter
rag colts
rake colts
rake mules
romp otter
route wolves
rout wolves
run fish
run salmon
school fish
school salmon
school shark
school whales
shiver shark
shoal fish
shoal herrings
shoal pilchards
shoal salmon
shrewdness apes
siege cranes
singular boar
skein geese
smack jellyfish
sounder boar
sounder pigs
sounder swine
span mules
span oxen
spring seals
stable horses
storytelling crows
streak tigers
string ponies
stud mares
swarm ants
swarm bees
swarm butterflies
swarm eels
swarm flies
swarm gnats
swarm rats
team cattle
team ducks
team horses
team oxen
team seals
tidings magpies
trace hares
trace rabbits
tribe baboons
tribe goats
tribe monkeys
trip goats
trip hares
trip rabbits
trip sheep
troop horses
troop kangaroos
troop lions
troop monkeys
warren hares
warren rabbits
warren wombats
wedge geese
wedge swans
wing dragons
wing plovers
wrack rabbits
yoke cattle
yoke oxen
zeal zebras
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Location-Action/Activity
bar drinking
bedroom sleeping
cafeteria eating
church prayer
church praying
church worship
courthouse judging
farm growing
house living
kitchen cooking
laboratory experimenting
library reading
library studying
mall shopping
office working
park playing
pool swimming
restaurant eating
sidewalk strolling
stadium sports
store shopping
:sem-CAUSE-PURPOSE$Instrument-Goal
advertisement desire
alcohol drunkenness
aphrodisiac lust
aspirin healing
automobile transportation
blow pain
bulb light
coat warmth
dog companionship
education enlightenment
fidelity devotion
fire combustion
food nourishment
gasoline fuel
glue adhesion
heroin euphoria
honey sweetness
hug comfort
infidelity divorce
joke laughter
lock security
medicine recovery
productive fruitful
provocation insult
punch pain
rain damp
salt flavor
smile friendship
steroids muscles
:sem-REFERENCE$Representation
account history
biography celebrity
biography life
book story
bouquet garden
child parents
country unity
crown king
documentary event
fairytale ideal
image picture
invention idea
journal events
juice fruit
map topography
menu chef
movie screenplay
people city
photograph event
photograph image
photo landscape
profile face
recording sound
replica artwork
sculpture person
shadow object
sketch image
song emotion
song sound
trophy achievement
:sem-SPACE-TIME$Location-Process/Product
bank loans
bar cocktail
dairy milk
factory car
factory goods
factory product
factory tires
gym muscles
hall music
lake fishing
marina boat
medicine pharmacy
mill flour
mine coal
mines coal
orchard apple
press books
refinery oil
restaurant meals
school education
school learning
studio art
theater play
uterus baby
warehouse boxes
womb baby
yard grass
:syn-verb_3rd
accept accepts
accommodate accommodates
allow allows
ask asks
avoid avoids
become becomes
begin begins
be is
believe believes
bring brings
build builds
buy buys
call calls
celebrate celebrates
come comes
consider considers
continue continues
create creates
decide decides
determine determines
develop develops
discuss discusses
do does
earn earns
eliminate eliminates
end ends
ensure ensures
extend extends
feel feels
find finds
follow follows
get gets
give gives
go goes
happen happens
have has
help helps
hold holds
improve improves
include includes
increase increases
join joins
keep keeps
know knows
lead leads
learn learns
leave leaves
like likes
live lives
look looks
make makes
meet meets
move moves
need needs
offer offers
open opens
pay pays
play plays
preserve preserves
prevent prevents
produce produces
promote promotes
protect protects
prove proves
provide provides
raise raises
reach reaches
receive receives
recognize recognizes
reduce reduces
remain remains
require requires
resolve resolves
return returns
run runs
save saves
say says
seek seeks
seem seems
see sees
sell sells
send sends
serve serves
show shows
start starts
stay stays
stop stops
study studies
support supports
take takes
tell tells
think thinks
try tries
turn turns
understand understands
use uses
want wants
win wins
work works
:sem-REFERENCE$Knowledge
anatomy bodies
anatomy body
anthropology humans
anthropology people
architecture buildings
biology life
biology organisms
chemistry elements
criminology crimes
dance movements
dermatology skin
economics markets
genealogy family
geography maps
geology earth
geology rocks
history past
linguistics languages
mathematics numbers
medicine bodies
meteorology atmosphere
meteorology weather
oceanography oceans
pharmacology drugs
philosophy ideas
topography maps
zoology animals
:syn-vn-deriv
abandon abandonment
abate abatement
abdicate abdication
abduct abduction
abduct abductor
abet abetment
abet abettor
abhor abhorrence
abolish abolishment
abolish abolition
abort abortion
abound abundance
absent absence
absent absentee
absolve absolution
absorb absorbent
absorb absorber
absorb absorption
abstain abstention
abstain abstinence
abstain abstinent
abstract abstraction
abuse abuser
accede accession
accelerate acceleration
accelerate accelerator
accentuate accent
accept acceptance
access accession
acclaim acclamation
acclimate climate
acclimatise climate
accommodate accommodation
accompany accompaniment
accomplish accomplishment
accord accordance
account accountant
account accounting
accredit accreditation
accrue accrual
accumulate accumulation
accuse accusation
accuse accuser
ache aching
achieve achievement
achieve achiever
acknowledge acknowledgment
acquaint acquaintance
acquiesce acquiescence
acquire acquirer
acquire acquiring
acquire acquisition
acquit acquittal
act acting
act action
act actor
activate activation
activate activator
adapt adaptation
adapt adapter
adapt adaption
add addition
addict addiction
adhere adhesion
adjourn adjournment
adjudicate adjudicator
adjudicate judge
adjust adjustment
administer administration
administrate administrator
admire admiration
admire admirer
admit admission
admit admittance
admonish admonition
adopt adoption
adorn adornment
advance advancement
adventure adventurer
advertise advertisement
advertise advertiser
advertise advertising
advise advisement
advise adviser
advise advisor
advise advisory
advocate advocacy
affiliate affiliation
affirm affirmation
afflict affliction
aggravate aggravation
aggregate aggregator
agitate agitator
agonize agony
agree agreement
align alignment
alleviate alleviation
allocate allocation
allow allowance
allude allusion
ally alliance
alter alteration
alternate alternation
amalgamate amalgam
amaze amazement
amend amendment
amortize amortization
amplify amplifier
amputate amputation
analyze analysis
analyze analyst
analyze analyzer
anchor anchorage
angle angler
animate animator
annihilate annihilation
announce announcement
announce announcer
annoy annoyance
annul annulment
anoint anointment
anticipate foreboding
ape aper
apologize apology
appeal appellant
appear apparition
appear appearance
apply applicant
apply application
appoint appointee
apportion apportionment
appraise appraisal
appraise appraiser
apprehend apprehension
approve approval
arbitrage arbitrager
arbitrate arbiter
arbitrate arbitration
arbitrate arbitrator
argue argument
argue argumentation
arm armament
arm armor
arouse arousal
arraign arraignment
arrange arrangement
arrange arranger
arrest arrester
arrive arrival
ascend ascendancy
ascend ascension
ascend ascent
ascribe ascription
aspire aspirant
aspire aspiration
assail assailant
assassinate assassin
assassinate assassination
assemble assemblage
assert assertion
assess assessment
assess assessor
assign assignation
assign assignee
assign assignment
assimilate assimilation
assist assistance
assist assistant
associate association
assume assumption
assure assurance
astonish astonishment
atone atonement
attach attachment
attack attacker
attain attainment
attend attendance
attend attendant
attend attention
attenuate attenuation
attract attraction
attribute attribution
auction auctioneer
audit auditor
augment augmentation
authenticate authentication
authorize authorization
automate automation
avenge avenger
avert aversion
avoid avoidance
avow avowal
awaken awakening
back backer
back backing
baffle mystery
baffle mystification
bag bagging
bake baker
bake baking
balloon balloonist
banish banishment
bank banker
bank banking
bankrupt bankruptcy
baptise baptism
bargain bargaining
bark barker
bat batter
bat batting
bathe bathing
battle battler
bear bearer
bear bearing
beat bafflement
beat beater
beat beating
beatify beatification
beautify beautification
beautify beauty
be being
beep beeper
begin beginner
begin beginning
behold beholder
believe belief
believe believer
bellow bellowing
belong belongings
bet better
betray betrayal
better betterment
bicycle bicyclist
bid bidder
bid bidding
bifurcate fork
bind binder
bind bindery
bind binding
bite biter
blackmail blackmailer
blast blaster
bleed bleeder
bleed bleeding
blend blender
bless blessing
blink blinking
block blockage
block blocker
block blocking
bloom bloomer
blow blower
blow blowing
board boarder
boat boating
boil boiler
bombard bombardment
bomb bombing
book booking
boost booster
bore borer
borrow borrower
bottle bottler
bounce bouncer
bound boundary
bound bounder
bowl bowler
box boxer
box boxing
brace bracing
brainstorm brainstorming
brawl brawler
break breakage
break breaker
breathe breather
breathe breathing
breed breeder
breed breeding
brew brewer
brew brewery
bribe bribery
brief briefing
broadcast broadcaster
broker brokerage
bromate bromine
browse browser
bruise bruiser
buff buffer
bugger buggery
build builder
build building
bulldoze bulldozer
bumble bumbler
bump bumper
burglarize burglary
burn burner
bury burial
bust buster
butcher butchery
butt butter
buy buyer
buy buying
buzz buzzer
calculate calculation
calculate calculator
calculate calculus
calibrate caliber
calibrate calibration
call caller
called calling
campaign campaigner
camp camper
camp camping
canal canalisation
canal canalization
can cannery
cancel cancellation
cannibalize cannibal
canton cantonment
capitalize capital
capitalize capitalization
capitulate capitulation
captivate captive
carbonate carbon
carbonate carbonation
care caring
carpenter carpentry
carpet carpeting
carry carriage
carry carrier
cartoon cartoonist
carve carving
case casing
cast caster
cast casting
castrate castration
catalyze catalyst
catch catcher
categorize category
cater caterer
cause causation
cease cessation
cede cession
celebrate celebrant
celebrate celebration
center centering
centralize centralization
certify certificate
certify certification
challenge challenger
chant chanting
characterize character
characterize characterization
charge charger
charm charmer
chart chartist
chase chaser
chastise chastisement
chatter chattering
cheat cheating
cheer cheering
chew chewing
chicane chicanery
chill chilling
chip chipping
choke choker
choke choking
chop chopper
circulate circle
circulate circular
circulate circulation
circumcise circumcision
circumnavigate circumnavigation
circumvent circumvention
cite citation
claim claimant
clamor clamoring
clap clapping
clarify clarification
classify class
classify classification
clean cleaner
clean cleaning
cleanse cleanser
cleanse cleansing
clear clearance
clear clearing
cleave cleavage
cleave cleaver
cleave cleft
climb climber
climb climbing
clinch clincher
clip clipper
clip clipping
clock clocking
close closer
close closing
close closure
clot clotting
clothe clothing
cloud clouding
clown clowning
cluster clustering
coach coaching
coagulate coagulant
coagulate coagulation
coalesce coalition
coast coaster
coat coating
coax coaxing
cobble cobbling
code coding
codify code
codify codification
coerce coercion
coexist coexistence
cohabit cohabitation
coincide coincidence
coin coinage
collaborate collaboration
collaborate collaborator
collect collecting
collect collection
collect collector
collide collision
collude collusion
color coloring
combat combatant
comb combing
combine combination
combine combining
come coming
comfort comforter
command commandant
command commander
command commandment
commemorate commemoration
commence commencement
commentate comment
commentate commentator
comment commentary
commercialize commercialization
commission commissioner
commission commissioning
commit commission
commit commitment
commit committal
commit committee
commune communion
communicate communicating
communicate communication
communicate communicator
commute commutation
commute commuter
commute commuting
compact compaction
compare comparing
compare comparison
compassionate compassion
compel compulsion
compensate compensation
compete competition
compete competitor
compile compilation
compile compiler
compile compiling
complain complainant
complain complaint
complete completion
complicate complication
comply compliance
compose component
compose composer
compose composing
compose composition
compose composure
compound compounding
comprehend comprehension
compress compressing
compress compression
compress compressor
compute computation
compute computer
computerize computer
computerize computerization
conceal concealing
conceal concealment
concede conceding
concede concession
conceive concept
conceive conception
concentrate concentration
conciliate conciliation
conciliate conciliator
conclude conclusion
concoct concoction
concord concurrence
concur concurrence
condemn condemnation
condense condensate
condense condensation
condense condenser
condescend condescension
condition conditioner
condition conditioning
conduct conducting
conduct conduction
conduct conductor
confederate confederation
confer conference
confess confession
confide confidant
confide confidence
configure configuration
confine confinement
confirm confirmation
confiscate confiscation
conform conformance
confront confrontation
confuse confusion
conglomerate conglomeration
congratulate congratulation
congregate congregating
congregate congregation
conjure conjurer
conjure conjuring
connect connection
connect connector
connect connexion
connive connivance
conquer conquering
conquer conqueror
conscript conscription
consecrate consecration
conserve conservation
consider consideration
consign consignee
consign consignment
consist consistence
consist consistency
console consolation
consolidate consolidation
conspire conspiracy
conspire conspirator
constitute constituent
constitute constitution
constrict constriction
constrict constrictor
construct construction
consult consultant
consult consultation
consume consumer
consume consumption
consummate consummation
contain containment
contaminate contaminant
contaminate contamination
contemplate contemplation
contend contender
contend contention
content contentment
continue continuance
continue continuation
contract contracting
contract contraction
contract contractor
contradict contradiction
contribute contribution
contribute contributor
control controller
convalesce convalescence
convalesce convalescent
convene convener
convene convening
convene convention
converge convergence
converge converging
converse conversation
convert conversion
convert converter
convey conveyance
convey conveyer
convey conveying
convey conveyor
convict conviction
convoke convocation
cook cooker
cook cookery
cook cooking
cool coolant
cool cooler
cool cooling
cooperate cooperation
coordinate coordination
coordinate coordinator
copy copier
copy copying
correct correction
correlate correlation
correspond correspondence
correspond correspondent
corroborate corroboration
corrupt corruption
costume costumer
cough coughing
counsel counseling
counsel counselor
count counter
count counting
counteract counteraction
couple coupling
course coursing
court courting
cover coverage
cover covering
cover report
cover reportage
cover reporting
cow coward
crack cracker
crack cracking
crackle crackling
crave craving
crawl crawler
crawl crawling
creak creaking
create creation
create creator
create creature
credit creditor
creep creeping
cremate cremation
cricket cricketer
criminalize criminal
criticize critic
cross crossing
crow crowing
crowd crowding
cruise cruiser
crush crusher
crush crushing
cry crying
crystalize crystal
crystallize crystal
cuddle cuddling
culminate culmination
cultivate cultivation
cup cupping
curb check
cure curing
curl curler
curl curling
curtail curtailment
cushion cushioning
cut cutter
cut cutting
cycle cycling
cycle cyclist
damn damnation
damp damper
dampen dampener
dampen dampening
dance dancer
dance dancing
dangle dangling
dare daring
darken darkening
date dating
daub daubing
dawn dawning
deactivate deactivation
deal dealer
deal dealing
deal dealings
debar debarment
debate debater
debrief debriefing
debunk debunking
decay decadent
deceive deception
decelerate deceleration
decentralize decentralization
decide deciding
decide decision
decimate decimation
declare declaration
declassify declassification
decode decoding
decompose decomposition
decompress decompressing
decompress decompression
deconstruct deconstruction
decontaminate decontamination
decorate decor
decorate decoration
dedicate dedication
deduce deduction
deduct deduction
deepen deepening
defame defamation
default defaulter
defect defection
defect defector
defend defendant
defend defender
defer deference
defer deferment
defer deferral
defile defilement
define defining
define definition
deflate deflation
deflate deflator
deflect deflection
defoliate defoliant
defoliate defoliation
defuse defusing
defy defiance
degenerate degeneration
degrade degradation
dehydrate dehydration
deify deity
delegate delegating
delegate delegation
delete deletion
deliberate deliberation
delineate delineation
deliver deliverance
deliver delivery
delude delusion
demarcate demarcation
demolish demolishing
demolish demolition
demonize demon
demonstrate demonstration
demonstrate demonstrator
demote demotion
denigrate denigration
denominate denomination
denounce denouncement
denude denudation
deny denial
depart departure
depend dependency
depict depicting
depict depiction
depict picture
deploy deployment
depopulate depopulation
deport deportation
deport deportee
deport deportment
depose deposition
deposit deposition
deposit depositor
deprecate deprecation
depreciate depreciation
depress depressant
deprive deprivation
derail derailment
deregulate deregulating
deregulate deregulation
deride derision
derive deriving
derogate derogation
desalinate desalination
descend descent
describe description
desecrate desecration
desert deserter
desert desertion
designate designation
design designer
design designing
desolate desolation
despair desperate
despair desperation
despise despising
destroy destroyer
destroy destruction
detach detachment
detail detailing
detain detainee
detain detention
detect detecting
detect detection
detect detector
deter deterrence
deter deterrent
deteriorate deterioration
determine determinant
determine determination
dethrone dethronement
detonate detonation
detonate detonator
detoxify detoxification
detract detraction
detract detractor
devaluate devaluation
devalue devaluation
devastate devastation
develop developer
develop developing
develop development
deviate deviant
deviate deviation
devise devising
devolve devolution
devote devotee
devote devotion
diagnose diagnosing
diagnose diagnosis
dictate dictation
dictate dictator
die death
die dying
diet dietary
diet dieting
differ difference
differentiate difference
differentiate differentiation
differentiate differentiator
diffuse diffusion
dig digger
dig digging
digest digestion
digitize digit
dignify dignity
dilate dilatation
dilate dilation
dilute dilution
diminish diminution
dine diner
dine dining
dine dinner
direct directive
direct director
direct place
dirty dirtying
disable disablement
disagree disagreement
disappear disappearance
disappear disappearing
disappoint disappointment
disapprove disapproval
disarm disarmament
disarm disarming
disavow disavowal
disband disbandment
disbar disbarment
disbelieve disbeliever
disburse disbursal
disburse disbursement
disclaim disclaimer
disclose disclosure
disconnect disconnection
discontent discontentment
discontinue discontinuance
discontinue discontinuation
discount discounter
discourage discouragement
discover discoverer
discover discovery
discriminate discrimination
discuss discussion
disembark disembarkation
disenfranchise disenfranchisement
disengage disengagement
disfigure disfigurement
disgorge disgorgement
disillusion disillusionment
disinfect disinfectant
disinfect disinfection
disintegrate disintegration
disinvest disinvestment
disinvest undress
dislocate dislocation
dismantle dismantlement
dismantle dismantling
dismember dismemberment
dismiss dismissal
disobey disobedience
disown disowning
disparage disparagement
dispatch dispatcher
dispense dispensary
dispense dispensation
dispense dispenser
disperse dispersion
displease displeasure
dispose disposal
dispose disposition
dispossess dispossession
dispute disputation
disqualify disqualification
disrupt disruption
dissect dissection
dissemble dissembling
disseminate dissemination
dissent dissension
dissent dissenter
dissipate dissipation
dissolve dissolution
dissolve dissolving
dissuade dissuasion
distill distillate
distill distillation
distill distillery
distinguish distinction
distort distortion
distract distraction
distribute distribution
distribute distributor
disturb disturbance
dive diver
dive diving
diverge divergence
diversify diversification
diversify diversity
divert diversion
divest divestiture
divide divider
divide division
divorce divorcee
dock dockage
dock docking
document documentary
document documentation
dodge dodger
dodge dodging
dominate dominance
dominate domination
dominate dominion
donate donation
dose dosage
double doubling
doubt doubter
douse dousing
down carry
down downer
draft draftee
draft drafting
drain drainage
draw drawer
draw drawing
dream dreamer
dream dreaming
dredge dredger
dress dresser
dress dressing
dribble dribbling
drift drifting
drill drilling
drink drinker
drink drinking
drink drunkard
drive drift
drive driver
drive driving
drug drugging
drum drummer
drum drumming
dry drier
dub dubbing
duck ducking
dump dumping
duplicate duplication
dwell dwelling
dwindle dwindling
dye dyeing
earn earner
earn earnings
ease easement
ease easing
eat eater
eat eating
eavesdrop eavesdropper
ebb ebbing
economize economy
edge edging
edit editing
edit editor
educate education
educate educator
effectuate effect
eject ejection
eject ejector
elaborate elaboration
elbow elbowing
elect election
elect elector
elect electorate
electrify electricity
electrify electrification
electrocute electrocution
elevate elevation
elevate elevator
eliminate elimination
elope elopement
elude eluding
emasculate emasculation
embarrass embarrassment
embezzle embezzlement
embody embodiment
embrace embracing
emerge emergence
emigrate emigrant
emigrate emigration
emit emission
emphasize emphasis
emphasize emphasizing
employ employee
employ employer
employ employment
empower empowerment
empty emptying
emulate emulation
emulate emulator
enact enactment
encapsulate encapsulation
encase encasement
enclose enclosing
enclose enclosure
encode encoding
encourage encouragement
encroach encroachment
encrypt encryption
end ending
endorse endorsement
endorse endorser
endow endowment
endure endurance
energize energizing
energize energy
enforce enforcement
enforce enforcer
engage engagement
engineer engineering
engrave engraving
engrave gravure
enhance enhancement
enhance enhancer
enjoin enjoining
enjoin injunction
enjoy enjoyment
enlarge enlargement
enlighten enlightenment
enlist enlisting
enlist enlistment
enrich enrichment
enroll enrollment
enter entering
enter entrance
enter entrant
enter entree
enter entry
entertain entertainer
entertain entertainment
entice enticement
entitle entitlement
entrench entrenchment
envision envisioning
equalize equalization
equalize equalizer
equate equal
equate equating
equate equation
equate equator
equip equipment
equip equipping
eradicate eradication
erect erecting
erect erection
erode eroding
erode erosion
err error
erupt eruption
escalate escalation
escape escapee
escape escapist
espouse espousal
establish establishment
estimate estimation
estimate estimator
etch etching
evacuate evacuation
evade evasion
evaluate evaluation
evaluate evaluator
evaluate value
evaporate evaporation
evaporate vapor
eventuate event
evict eviction
evolve evolution
exacerbate exacerbation
exaggerate exaggeration
examine examination
examine examinee
examine examiner
excavate excavation
excavate excavator
excel excellence
except exception
exchange exchanger
excise excision
excite excitement
exclaim exclaiming
exclude exclusion
execute executing
execute execution
execute executor
exemplify example
exempt exemption
exercise exercising
exert exertion
exhaust depletion
exhaust exhaustion
exhibit exhibition
exhibit exhibitor
exhume exhumation
exist existence
exonerate exoneration
expatriate expatriation
expect expectancy
expect expectation
expel expelling
expel expulsion
expend expending
expend expenditure
experiment experimentation
expire expiration
explain explanation
explode explosion
exploit exploitation
exploit exploiter
explore exploration
explore explorer
export exportation
export exporter
export exporting
expose exposure
expound expansion
express expression
expropriate expropriation
extend extension
extend extent
extinguish extinction
extinguish extinguisher
extinguish extinguishing
extort extortion
extract expression
extract extraction
extract extractor
extradite extradition
extrapolate extrapolation
fabricate fabrication
fabricate fabricator
face facing
facilitate facilitation
facilitate facilitator
factor factoring
fade fading
fail failing
fail failure
falcon falconry
fall accrual
fall faller
falsify falsification
falsify falsifying
falsify falsity
falter faltering
farm farmer
farm farming
fascinate fascination
fashion fashioning
fasten fastening
fast fasting
feast feasting
feather feathering
feed feeder
feed feeding
feel feeling
feel feelings
feign feigning
fence fencer
fence fencing
ferment fermentation
ferment fermenting
ferry ferrying
fester festering
field fielder
field fielding
fight fighting
figure figuring
file filer
file filing
fill filler
fill filling
film filming
filter filtration
finalize finalization
finance financing
find finder
find finding
finger fingering
fingerprint fingerprinting
finish finisher
finish finishing
fire firing
fish fishery
fish fishing
fit fitter
fit fitting
fix fixer
fix fixing
fix fixture
flame flaming
flank flanker
flap flapping
flash flashing
flatter flattery
flavor flavoring
flee flight
flip flipper
flirt flirtation
flirt flirting
float floatation
float floater
float floating
float flotation
flog flogging
flood flooding
flower flowering
flow flowing
fluctuate fluctuation
flute fluting
flutter fluttering
fly flier
fly flyer
fly flying
focus focusing
focus focussing
foil foiling
fold folder
fold folding
follow follower
follow following
foot footer
forage foraging
forbid forbidding
forecast forecaster
forecast forecasting
foreclose foreclosure
foreshadow foreshadowing
forestall forestalling
forest forestry
forfeit forfeiture
forge forger
forge forgery
forge forging
fork forking
format formatting
form formation
formulate formula
formulate formulation
forsake forsaking
fortify fort
fortify fortification
forward forwarding
fossilize fossil
foster fostering
founder foundering
found foundation
found founder
found founding
fragment fragmentation
frame framing
free freeing
freelance freelancer
freeze freezing
freight freighter
freshen freshener
frighten frightening
frisk frisking
frost frosting
fruit fruition
frustrate frustration
fry frying
fuel fueling
fulfill fulfillment
full fuller
fumigate fume
fumigate fumigation
function functionary
function functioning
fund funding
furnish furnishing
furnish furniture
further furtherance
fuse fusion
gain gainer
gamble gambler
gamble gambling
game gaming
garden gardener
garden gardening
gas gassing
gather gatherer
gather gathering
generalize generalization
generate generation
generate generator
germinate germ
germinate germination
get getting
give giver
give giving
glamorize glamorization
glide gliding
gloat gloating
globalize globalization
glorify glorification
glorify glory
goad goading
go goer
go going
golf golfer
golf golfing
gossip gossiping
govern governance
govern governing
govern government
govern governor
grade grading
graduate graduation
graft grafting
grant grantor
grapple grappling
grasp grasping
grate grating
gratify gratification
gravitate gravitation
gravitate gravity
graze grazing
green greenery
green greening
greet greeting
grill grilling
grind grinder
grind grinding
grin grinning
groom grooming
ground grounding
group grouping
grow grower
grow growing
grow growth
growl growling
grumble grumbling
guarantee guarantor
guess guessing
guide guidance
gut gutter
guzzle guzzling
gyrate gyration
hack hacker
haggle haggling
hammer hammering
handicap handicapper
handle handler
handle handling
hang hanger
hang hanging
hanker hankering
happen happening
harass harassment
harden hardening
harmonize harmonization
harmonize harmony
harvest harvester
harvest harvesting
hatch hatchery
hatch hatching
haul haulage
haul hauler
haul hauling
hawk hawker
hawk hawking
head header
head heading
headline headliner
heal healer
heal healing
hear hearing
heat heater
heat heating
heave heaver
heave heaving
heckle heckler
heckle heckling
hedge hedger
hedge hedging
help helper
help helping
hesitate hesitancy
hesitate hesitation
hide hiding
highlight highlighting
hijack hijacker
hijack hijacking
hike hiker
hinder hindrance
hiss hissing
hit hitter
hit hitting
hoax hoaxer
hold holder
hold holding
honor honoring
hook hooker
hook hooking
hop hopper
house housing
howl howler
howl howling
huff huffing
hug hugging
hum humming
humiliate humiliation
hunt hunter
hunt hunting
hurdle hurdler
hurdle hurdling
hurry hurrying
hurt hurting
ice icing
identify identification
identify identity
idle idler
idle idling
ignite ignition
ignore ignorance
illuminate illumination
illustrate illustration
illustrate illustrator
image imagery
image imaging
imagine imagination
imitate imitation
imitate imitator
immerse immersion
immigrate immigrant
immigrate immigration
immobilize immobilization
immobilize immobilizing
immunize immunization
impair impairment
impart imparting
impeach impeachment
impede impediment
impersonate impersonation
impersonate persona
implant implantation
implement implementation
implicate implication
implode implosion
imply implication
import importation
import importer
import importing
impose imposition
impound impounding
impound impoundment
impoverish impoverishment
impress impression
imprison imprisonment
improve improvement
improve improver
improvise improvisation
impute imputation
inactivate inactivation
inaugurate inauguration
incarnate incarnation
incinerate incineration
incinerate incinerator
incite incitement
incline inclination
include inclusion
incorporate incorporation
incriminate crime
incriminate incrimination
incubate incubation
incubate incubator
incur incurring
incur incursion
indemnify indemnity
indent indenture
index indexation
index indexing
indicate indication
indict indictment
induce inducement
induce inducing
induce induction
induct induction
indulge indulgence
indulge indulging
infect infection
infer inference
infest infestation
infiltrate infiltration
infiltrate infiltrator
inflame inflaming
inflame inflammation
inflate inflation
inflict infliction
inform informant
inform information
inform informing
infringe infringement
infuriate fury
infuse infusion
ingest ingestion
inhabit inhabitant
inhale inhalation
inherit inheritance
inhibit inhibition
inhibit inhibitor
initiate initiation
initiate initiator
inject injection
inject injector
injure injury
innovate innovation
innovate innovator
inoculate inoculating
inoculate inoculation
inquire inquiring
inquire inquiry
inscribe inscription
insert insertion
insist insistence
insist insisting
inspect inspection
inspect inspector
inspire inspiration
instal installing
install installation
install installing
install installment
instigate instigation
instigate instigator
instill instilling
institute institution
instruct instruction
instruct instructor
instrument instrumentation
insulate insulation
insulate insulator
insure insurance
insure insurer
integrate integral
integrate integrating
integrate integration
integrate integrator
intend intent
intend intention
intensify intensification
intensify intensity
interact interaction
intercede intercession
intercept interception
intercept interceptor
interconnect interconnection
interdict interdiction
interfere interference
inter interment
interlock interlocking
intermediate intermediation
internationalize internationalization
intern internment
interpret interpretation
interpret interpreter
interpret interpreting
interrogate interrogation
interrogate interrogator
interrupt interruption
intersect intersection
intervene intervention
interview interviewee
interview interviewer
intimate intimation
intimidate intimidation
intoxicate intoxicant
intoxicate intoxication
introduce introduction
intrude intruder
intrude intrusion
inundate inundation
invade invader
invade invasion
invalidate invalidation
invent invention
invent inventor
invert inversion
invert inverter
investigate investigating
investigate investigation
investigate investigator
invest investing
invest investiture
invest investment
invest investor
invite invitation
invoke invocation
involve involvement
iron ironing
irradiate irradiation
irrigate irrigation
irritate irritant
irritate irritation
isolate isolation
issue issuer
issue issuing
itch itching
itemize item
jab jabbing
jail jailer
jam jamming
jeer jeering
jeopardize jeopardy
jerk jerking
jest jester
jewel jewelry
jog jogger
jog jogging
join joining
join junction
join juncture
joke joker
jostle jostling
jot jotting
judge judging
judge judgment
judge judiciary
juggle juggling
jump jumping
justify justification
jut jutting
keep keeper
keep keeping
kick kicker
kick kicking
kidnap kidnapper
kidnap kidnapping
kill killer
kill killing
kindle kindling
kiss kissing
kneel kneeling
knit knitting
knock knocker
knock knocking
know knowing
lag laggard
lag lagging
lament lamentation
laminate lamination
land lander
land landing
landscape landscaping
launch launcher
launder laundry
lay layer
lead leader
leak leakage
lean leaner
learn learner
lease lessee
lecture lecturer
legalize legalization
legislate legislation
legislate legislator
legislate legislature
legitimate legitimacy
lend lender
let lessor
let letter
lever leverage
levitate levitation
liberalize liberalization
liberate liberation
liberate liberator
liberate liberty
license licensee
license licenser
lie liar
lie lying
lift lifter
lighter lighterage
light lighter
limit limitation
limit limiter
line liner
line lining
link linkage
liquefy liquefaction
liquidate liquidation
liquidate liquidator
liquify liquid
listen listener
listen listening
list listing
litigate litigant
litigate litigation
litigate litigator
live liver
live living
load loader
load loading
loathe loathing
lobby lobbyist
locate location
locate locator
lock locker
lodge lodgement
lodge lodger
lodge lodging
lodge lodgings
log logging
long longer
long longing
loosen loosening
loot looter
loot looting
lose loser
love lover
lower lowering
lubricate lubricant
lubricate lubrication
lug luggage
lunch lunching
lynch lynching
machine machinery
machine machinist
magnify magnification
magnify magnifier
magnify magnitude
mail mailer
mail mailing
maintain maintenance
make maker
make making
maltreat maltreatment
manage management
manage manager
mandate mandatory
manifest manifestation
manipulate manipulation
manipulate manipulator
manufacture manufacturer
map mapping
march marcher
march marching
marginalize marginalization
market marketer
market marketing
mark marker
mark marking
marry marriage
marry married
mask masking
master mastering
master mastery
mate mating
materialize materialization
mat matting
matriculate matriculation
mature maturation
maximize maximization
maximize maximum
mean meaning
measure measurement
measure measurer
measure measuring
meddle meddler
meddle meddling
mediate mediation
mediate mediator
meditate meditation
meet meeting
mellow mellowing
melt melter
melt melting
mend mending
merchandise merchandiser
merchandise merchandising
merge merger
merge merging
mesh meshing
migrate migrant
migrate migration
militarize militarization
militarize military
mill milling
mine miner
mine mining
mingle mingling
miniaturize miniature
miniaturize miniaturization
minimize minimum
misappropriate misappropriation
miscalculate miscalculation
misinterpret misinterpretation
misread misreading
misrepresent misrepresentation
misstate misstatement
mistake mistaking
mistreat mistreatment
misunderstand misunderstanding
mitigate mitigation
mix mixer
mix mixing
mix mixture
mobilize mobilization
mock mockery
model modeling
moderate curb
moderate moderation
moderate moderator
modernize modernization
modify modification
moisten moisture
mold molding
molest molestation
monetize monetization
monitor monitoring
monopolize monopolist
monopolize monopolization
monopolize monopoly
moor mooring
mop mopping
mortgage mortgagee
motivate motivation
motivate motivator
motivate motive
motorcycle motorcycling
motor motoring
motor motorist
mountaineer mountaineering
mount mounting
mourn mourner
mourn mourning
move motion
move movement
move mover
mow mower
muffle muffler
mug mugger
mug mugging
multiply multiplication
multiply multiplier
mumble mumbling
murder murderer
murmur murmuring
muse musing
mutate mutant
mutate mutation
mutilate mutilation
mutiny mutineer
mutter muttering
mystify mystery
mystify mystification
mystify puzzle
mystify puzzlement
name citation
name naming
narrow narrowing
nationalize nationalization
navigate navigation
navigate navigator
necessitate necessity
negate negation
negotiate negotiation
negotiate negotiator
nest nester
net netting
neutralize neutralization
nominate nomination
normalize normalization
note notation
notify notice
notify notification
nourish nourishment
nullify nullification
number numbering
nurse nursery
nurse nursing
obey obedience
object objection
object objector
obligate obligation
oblige obligation
obliterate obliteration
observe observance
observe observation
observe observer
obsess obsession
obstruct obstruction
occupy occupancy
occupy occupant
occupy occupation
occupy occupier
offend offender
offend offense
offer offering
offer offeror
officiate office
officiate officiating
omit omission
ooze oozing
open opener
open opening
operate operation
operate operator
opine opinion
oppose opponent
oppose opposition
oppress oppression
oppress oppressor
optimize optimization
optimize optimum
opt option
orbit orbiter
orchestrate orchestra
orchestrate orchestration
orchestrate orchestrator
ordain ordinance
order ordering
organize organization
organize organizer
originate origin
originate origination
originate originator
orphan orphanage
oscillate oscillation
ostracise ostracism
ostracize ostracism
oust ouster
oust ousting
outfit outfitter
outfit outfitting
overestimate overestimation
overheat overheating
overlap overlapping
overpay overpayment
overproduce overproduction
overreact overreaction
oversee overseer
oversimplify oversimplification
overstate overstatement
overtake overtaking
overvalue overvaluation
own owner
oxidise oxide
oxygenate oxygen
oxygenate oxygenation
pace pacer
pace pacing
pacify pacification
pacify peace
package packaging
pack package
pack packer
pack packing
pad padding
page pager
page paging
paint painter
paint painting
pair pairing
pale pallor
panel paneling
pant panting
paper papering
parachute parachuting
parcel parceling
parent parentage
pare paring
park parking
parole parolee
participate participant
participate participation
partition partitioning
part parting
pass passage
pass passer
pass passing
pasteurize pasteurization
patch patching
patent patentee
patronize patron
pave pavement
pave paving
pay payer
pay payment
peddle peddling
peel peeling
pelt pelting
penetrate penetration
pen penning
pension pensioner
perceive perception
percolate percolation
perfect perfection
perform performance
perform performer
perform performing
perfume perfumery
permit permission
perpetrate perpetration
perpetrate perpetrator
perpetuate perpetuation
persecute persecution
persevere perseverance
persist persistence
persist persistency
personify person
personify persona
personify personification
perspire perspiration
persuade persuader
persuade persuasion
pertain pertinence
peruse perusal
peruse perusing
pervert perversion
petition petitioner
pet petting
photocopy photocopier
photograph photographer
phrase phrasing
pick picker
pick picking
pick pickings
picture picturing
pigment pigmentation
pilfer pilferage
pillage pillaging
pilot pilotage
pilot piloting
pipe piper
pipe piping
pirate piracy
pitch pitching
pit pitting
place aim
place placement
plan planner
plan planning
plant planter
plant planting
plaster plastering
plate plating
play player
play playing
plead pleading
please pleaser
please pleasing
please pleasure
plod plodding
plot plotter
plow plowing
plumb plumbing
plunder plundering
plunge plunger
poach poaching
point pointer
poison poisoning
poke poker
poke poking
polish polisher
polish polishing
pollinate pollen
pollinate pollination
pollute pollutant
pollute polluter
pollute pollution
pop popping
populate population
portend portent
port porter
portray portrait
portray portraitist
portray portraiture
portray portrayal
portray portraying
pose poser
pose posing
position positioning
possess possession
possess possessor
postpone postponement
post postage
post poster
post posting
pound pounding
pray prayer
preach preacher
preach preaching
precede precedence
precede precedent
precede predecessor
precipitate precipitation
precipitate precipitator
predict prediction
predict predictor
predispose predisposition
predominate predominance
preempt preemption
prefer preference
preoccupy preoccupation
prepare preparation
prepay prepayment
prescribe prescription
present presentation
present presenter
present presentment
preserve preservation
preserve preserver
preside president
press pressing
press pressure
pressurize pressure
presume presumption
presuppose presupposition
pretend pretender
pretend pretending
pretend pretense
prevail prevalence
prevaricate prevarication
prevent prevention
price pricing
prick pricking
prime primer
print printer
print printing
prioritize priority
privatize privatization
probate probation
proceed procedure
proceed proceeding
proceed proceedings
proceed procession
process processing
process processor
proclaim proclamation
procrastinate procrastination
procreate procreation
procure procurement
procure procurer
prod prodding
produce producer
produce product
produce production
profane profanation
professionalize professionalization
profess professing
profess profession
program programing
program programmer
progress progression
prohibit prohibition
project projection
project projector
proliferate proliferation
prolong prolongation
promote promoter
promote promotion
prompt prompter
prompt prompting
promulgate promulgation
pronounce pronouncement
pronounce pronunciation
propagate propagation
propel propellant
propel propeller
propel propellor
propel propulsion
propose proposal
propose proposer
propose proposition
proscribe proscription
prosecute prosecution
prosecute prosecutor
prospect prospector
prostitute prostitution
prostrate prostration
protect protection
protect protector
protest protester
provide provider
provide provision
provoke provocation
prowl prowler
prune pruning
pry prying
publicize publicist
publicize publicizing
publish publication
publish publisher
publish publishing
puff puffing
pull pulling
punch puncher
punctuate punctuation
punish punishment
pun punning
punt punter
punt punting
purchase purchaser
purchase purchasing
purge purging
purify purification
purify purifier
purify purity
pursue pursuance
pursue pursuit
push pusher
push pushing
putt putter
putt putting
puzzle puzzlement
quack quackery
quadruple quadrupling
qualify qualification
qualify qualifier
qualify qualifying
qualify quality
quantify quantification
quantify quantity
quarry quarrying
quarter quartering
quarter quarters
quell quelling
quench quenching
question questioner
question questioning
quicken quickening
quiver quivering
quote quotation
race racer
race racing
racketeer racketeering
radiate radiance
radiate radiation
radiate radiator
raft rafter
raid raider
rail railing
railroad railroading
raise raiser
raise raising
rally rallying
ramp rampage
ranch rancher
ranch ranching
ransack ransacking
rant ranting
rate rating
ratify ratification
rationalize rationalization
ration rationing
rattle rattling
ravage ravaging
rave raving
raze razing
reach reaching
react reaction
readjust readjustment
readmit readmission
read reader
read reading
ready readying
reaffirm reaffirmation
realize realization
reallocate reallocation
reappear reappearance
reappraise reappraisal
reap reaper
rearm rearmament
rearrange rearrangement
rear rearing
reason reasoning
reassert reassertion
reassess reassessment
reassign reassignment
reassure reassurance
rebel rebellion
rebuild rebuilding
rebury reburial
rebut rebuttal
recalculate recalculation
recant recantation
recede receding
recede recession
receive receiver
receive reception
receive receptor
receive recipient
reciprocate reciprocation
recite recital
recite recitation
reckon reckoning
reclaim reclamation
recognize recognition
recollect recollection
recommence recommencement
recommend recommendation
reconcile reconciliation
reconnoitre reconnaissance
reconnoitre reconnoitring
reconsider reconsideration
reconstruct reconstruction
record recorder
record recording
recount recounting
recover recovery
recreate recreation
recruit recruiter
recruit recruitment
rectify rectification
recuperate recuperation
recur recurrence
recuse recusal
recycle recycling
redeem redemption
redefine redefinition
redeploy redeployment
redevelop redevelopment
rediscover rediscovery
redistribute redistribution
reduce reducer
reduce reducing
reduce reduction
reelect reelection
reevaluate reevaluation
reexamine reexamination
referee refereeing
refer name
refer referee
refer reference
refer referral
refill refilling
refine refinement
refine refiner
refine refinery
refine refining
reflect reflector
refocus refocusing
reforest reforestation
reform reformation
reform reformer
reform reformist
refresh refresher
refresh refreshment
refuel refueling
refurbish refurbishment
refuse refusal
refute refutation
regenerate regeneration
register registrant
register registration
register registry
regress regression
regulate regulating
regulate regulation
regulate regulator
rehabilitate rehabilitation
rehearse rehearsal
reimburse reimbursement
reimpose reimposition
reincarnate reincarnation
reinforce reinforcement
reinstate reinstatement
reinsure reinsurance
reinterpret reinterpretation
reintroduce reintroduction
reiterate reiteration
reject rejection
rejoice rejoicing
rejuvenate rejuvenation
relapse relapsing
relate relation
relax relaxant
relax relaxation
relegate relegating
relegate relegation
relieve reliever
relinquish relinquishing
relinquish relinquishment
relive reliving
relocate relocation
remain continuation
remain remainder
remain remnant
remarry remarriage
remember remembering
remember remembrance
remind reminder
reminisce reminiscence
remit remission
remit remittance
remove removal
remove remover
render rendering
render rendition
renew renewal
renounce renunciation
renovate renovation
rent rental
rent renter
rent renting
reorganize reorganization
reorient reorientation
repair repairer
repair reparation
repatriate repatriation
repay repayment
repeat repeating
repeat repetition
repel repellant
repel repellent
repent repentance
replace replacement
replace replacing
replenish replenishment
replicate replica
replicate replication
reposition repositioning
repossess repossession
represent representation
repress repression
reprint reprinting
reproduce reproduction
repudiate repudiation
repulse drive
repulse repulsion
repute reputation
require requirement
require requisition
rescind rescission
rescue rescuer
research researcher
resemble resemblance
resent resentment
reserve reservation
resettle resettlement
reshuffle reshuffling
reside residence
reside residency
reside resident
resign resignation
resist resistance
resolve resolution
resolve resolving
resonate resonance
respect respecter
respond respondent
restate restatement
restore restoration
restore restorer
restrain restraint
restrict restriction
result resultant
resume resumption
resurge resurgence
resurrect resurrection
resuscitate resuscitation
retail retailer
retail retailing
retain retention
retake retaking
retaliate retaliation
retard retardation
retire retiree
retire retirement
retract retraction
retract retractor
retrain retraining
retrench retrenchment
retrieve retrieval
retrieve retriever
retrospect retrospection
retry retrial
reunify reunification
reunify reunion
reunite reunion
revalue revaluation
reveal revealing
reveal revelation
revel revelry
revere reverence
reverse reversal
revert reversion
revert reverting
review reviewer
revise revising
revise revision
revitalize revitalization
revive revival
revoke revocation
revolt revolution
revolutionize revolution
revolve revolution
revolve roll
rewrite rewriting
rib ribbing
ride rider
ride riding
rid riddance
rig rigging
ring ringer
ring ringing
rinse rinsing
riot rioting
ripen ripening
ripple rippling
rise riser
rise rising
rival rivalry
roar roaring
roast roaster
roast roasting
rob robber
rob robbery
rock rocker
roll roller
roll rolling
roof roofing
root rooting
rope roping
rotate rotation
rot rotting
round rounder
rouse rousing
row rower
row rowing
rub rubbing
ruin ruining
rule ruler
rule ruling
rumble rumbling
ruminate rumen
ruminate ruminant
run runner
run running
rush rusher
rush rushing
rustle rustling
sack sacking
sail sailing
sail sailor
salt salting
salute pledge
salvage salvager
salve salvage
salve salvation
sanctify saint
sap sapper
satisfy satisfaction
saturate saturation
savage savagery
save saver
save savings
save savior
savor relish
savor savoring
say saying
scaffold scaffolding
scale scaling
scan scanner
scan scanning
scatter scattering
scavenge scavenger
schedule scheduler
schedule scheduling
scheme schemer
school schooling
scoff scoffing
scoot scooter
score scorer
score scoring
scour scouring
scout scouting
scrape scraping
scream screamer
scream screaming
screen screener
screen screening
screw bed
scrub scrubber
scrub scrubbing
scrutinize scrutiny
sculpt sculptor
sculpt sculpture
seal sealant
seal sealer
seal sealing
season seasoning
seat seating
secede secession
second secondment
secrete secretion
sedate sedation
sediment sedimentation
seduce seducer
seduce seduction
seek seeking
seep seepage
see seeing
see seer
segment segmentation
segregate segregation
seize seizing
seize seizure
select selection
select selector
sell seller
sell selling
send sender
send sending
sense sensation
sense sensing
sense sensor
sensitize sensitizer
separate discrimination
separate separation
separate separator
sequester sequestration
serve servant
serve server
serve serving
service servicing
set setting
settle settlement
settle settler
settle settling
sever severance
sever severing
sew sewer
sew sewing
shade shading
shadow shadowing
shake shaker
shake shaking
shape shaping
share sharing
shatter shattering
shave shaver
shave shaving
shear shearing
shear shears
shed shedding
sheet sheeting
shell shelling
shield shielding
shift shifting
shine shining
ship shipment
ship shipper
ship shipping
shirk shirking
shiver shivering
shock shocker
shoot shooter
shoot shooting
shop shopper
shop shopping
shore shoring
shorten shortening
shout shouting
show showing
shred shredder
shrink shrinkage
shrink shrinking
shuffle shuffling
shun shunning
shut shutter
shut shutting
sift sieve
sift sifting
sight sighting
signal signaling
signify sign
signify significance
sign signature
sign signer
sign signing
silence silencer
simmer simmering
simplify simplification
simulate simulation
simulate simulator
sing singer
sing singing
sing song
sink sinking
sin sinner
sit sitter
sit sitting
size sizing
skateboard skateboarding
skate skater
skate skating
skim skimming
skip colloquialism
skip skipper
ski skier
ski skiing
slacken slackening
slack slacker
slack slacking
slam slammer
slate slating
slave slavery
slay slaying
sled sledding
sleep sleeper
sleep sleeping
slice slicing
slide slider
sling slinging
slip slippage
slow slowing
slug slugger
smack smacking
smart smarting
smash smashing
smell smelling
smelt smelter
smile smiling
smock smocking
smoke smoker
smoke smoking
smooth smoother
smuggle smuggler
smuggle smuggling
snap snapper
sneeze sneezing
sniff sniffer
snipe sniper
snip snipping
snoop snooper
snorkel snorkeling
snort drug
snort snorting
snuggle snuggling
soak soaker
soak soaking
soar soaring
sob sobbing
socialize socialization
socialize socializing
soften softening
solder soldering
soldier soldiering
solicit solicitation
solicit solicitor
solidify solid
solidify solidifying
solo soloist
solve solution
solve solvent
solve solver
solve solving
sort sorting
sound sounder
sound sounding
sour souring
space spacing
spank spanking
sparkle sparkler
sparkle sparkling
spar sparring
spatter spattering
speak speaker
speak speaking
speak speech
specialize specialist
specialize specialization
specify specification
speculate speculation
speculate speculator
speed speeding
spell spelling
spend spender
spend spending
spill spillage
spin spinner
spin spinning
spit spitting
splash splashing
splinter splintering
split splitter
spoil spoilage
spoil spoiler
spoil spoiling
spot spotter
spot spotting
sprawl sprawling
spray spraying
spread spreading
sprinkle sprinkler
sprinkle sprinkling
sprint sprinter
sprout sprouting
spur spurring
sputter sputtering
spy spying
squander squandering
squat squatter
squat squatting
squeeze squeezing
stabilize stabilization
stabilize stabilizer
stack stacker
stagnate stagnancy
stagnate stagnation
stain stainer
stain staining
stalk stalker
stalk stalking
stall stalling
stamp stamper
standardize standard
standardize standardization
stand stance
stand standard
stand standing
staple stapler
start starter
start starting
starve starvation
starve starving
state statement
stay stayer
steal stealing
steamroll steamroller
steam steamer
steep steeper
steer steerage
steer steering
sterilize sterilization
stew stewing
stick sticker
stiffen stiffening
stifle stifling
stimulate stimulant
stimulate stimulation
stimulate stimulus
sting stinger
sting stinging
stipulate stipulation
stir stirring
stitch stitcher
stitch stitching
stockpile stockpiling
stock stocking
stoke stoker
stone stoning
stonewall stonewalling
stop stoppage
store storage
stow stowing
straggle straggler
strain strainer
strain straining
strangle strangling
strangle strangulation
streak streaker
strengthen strengthening
stretch stretcher
stretch stretching
strew strewing
strike striker
strike striking
string stringer
stripe striping
strip stripper
strip stripping
strive striving
stroke stroking
stroll stroller
struggle struggler
study student
study studying
stuff stuffing
stun stunner
stunt stunting
style stylist
subcontract subcontractor
subdivide subdivision
subject subjection
subjugate subjugation
submerge submerging
submerge submersion
submit submission
subordinate subordination
subscribe subscriber
subscribe subscription
subside subsidence
subside subsiding
subsidize subsidization
subsidize subsidy
subsist subsistence
substantiate substantiation
substitute substituting
substitute substitution
sub subbing
subvert subversion
succeed succession
succeed successor
suck sucker
suck sucking
suck suction
sue suit
suffer sufferer
suffer suffering
suffice sufficiency
suffocate suffocation
suggest suggestion
summarize summary
summon summoning
sum summation
supervise supervising
supervise supervision
supervise supervisor
supplant supplanting
supplement supplementation
supply supplier
supply supplying
support supporter
support supporting
suppose supposition
suppress suppression
suppress suppressor
surface surfacing
surf surfer
surf surfing
surround surroundings
survey surveying
survey surveyor
survive survival
survive survivor
suspect suspicion
suspend suspender
suspend suspension
sustain sustenance
swab swabbing
swathe swathing
swear swearing
sweat sweater
sweat sweating
sweep sweeper
sweep sweeping
sweeten sweetener
sweeten sweetening
swell swelling
swerve swerving
swim swimmer
swim swimming
swindle swindler
swing swinging
switch switcher
switch switching
sympathize sympathy
synchronize synchronization
synchronize synchronizing
syndicate syndication
syndicate syndicator
synthesize synthesizer
tabulate table
tabulate tabulation
tackle tackler
tack tacking
tailor tailoring
tail tailing
take taker
take taking
talk talker
talk talking
tame tamer
tamper tampering
tamp tamper
tank tankage
tan tannery
tan tanning
taper tapering
tape taping
tap tapper
tap tapping
taste taster
taste tasting
taunt taunting
tax taxation
tax taxer
teach teacher
teach teaching
tear tearing
tease teaser
tease teasing
televise television
tell tale
tell teller
tell telling
temper temperance
temper tempering
tempt temptation
tend tendency
tend tender
tend tending
tense tension
terminate finish
terminate termination
terminate terminus
terrify terror
terrorize terror
testify testimony
test tester
test testing
thaw thawing
theorise theory
theorize theory
thicken thickener
thicken thickening
think thinker
think thinking
thin thinner
thin thinning
thrash thrashing
thrill thriller
throb throbbing
throttle throttling
throw thrower
thrust thruster
thrust thrusting
thump thumping
thwart thwarting
tickle tickling
tick ticker
tick ticking
tie tier
tie tying
tighten tightening
tile tiling
till tillage
till tiller
time timer
time timing
tint tinting
tip tipper
titillate titillation
toast toasting
toboggan tobogganing
tolerate tolerance
tolerate toleration
tone toner
top topper
torment tormentor
torture torturing
touch touching
tour tourist
tow towage
tow tower
toy toying
trace tracer
trace tracing
track tracker
track tracking
trade trader
traffic trafficker
trail trailer
trail trailing
train trainee
train trainer
train training
trample trampling
transfer transference
transfer transferor
transfer transferral
transform transformation
transform transformer
transgress transgression
transit transition
translate translation
translate translator
transmit transmission
transmit transmittal
transmit transmitter
transmit transmitting
transplant transplantation
transplant transplanting
transport transportation
transport transporter
transpose transposition
transship transshipment
trap trapper
travel traveler
travel traveling
treat treatment
trek trekker
tremble trembling
trick trickery
trim trimmer
trim trimming
triple tripling
trounce trouncing
truck trucker
truck trucking
trumpet trumpeter
trump trumping
trust trustee
try trial
tube tubing
tumble tumbling
tune tuner
tune tuning
turn turner
turn turning
tutor tutelage
twist twister
twist twisting
twitch twitching
type typing
type typist
typify type
underestimate underestimation
underpay underpayment
underperform underperformer
understand understanding
understate understatement
undertake undertaking
undervalue undervaluation
underwrite underwriter
undo undoing
undress strip
unfold unfolding
unify unification
unify unit
unionize union
unionize unionization
unite union
unite uniting
unload unloading
unmask unmasking
untangle untangling
unveil unveiling
update updating
upend upending
uplift uplifting
urge urgency
urge urging
urinate urination
urinate urine
use usage
use user
usurp usurpation
usurp usurper
utilize utility
utilize utilization
vacate vacation
vacation vacationing
vaccinate vaccinating
vaccinate vaccination
vaccinate vaccine
vacillate vacillation
validate validation
value valuer
vanish vanishing
vaporize vapor
vary variance
vary variant
vary variate
vary variation
vault vaulter
vault vaulting
veer veering
ventilate vent
ventilate ventilation
ventilate ventilator
venture venturer
vent venting
verify verification
vibrate vibrancy
vibrate vibration
victimize victim
view viewer
vilify vilification
vindicate vindication
violate violation
violate violator
visit visitation
visit visiting
visit visitor
visualize visualization
void voiding
volunteer voluntary
vomit vomiting
vouch voucher
voyage voyager
wade wading
wage engagement
wail wailing
wait waiter
wait waiting
waive waiver
wake waking
walk walker
walk walking
wander wanderer
wander wandering
wane waning
ward warder
warehouse warehousing
warm warmer
warm warming
warn warning
war warrior
wash washing
waste wastage
waste waster
waste wasting
watch watcher
watch watching
waterproof waterproofing
water watering
waver wavering
wave waver
wave waving
wax waxing
weaken weakening
wean weaning
wear wearer
wear wearing
weave weaver
weave weaving
web webbing
wed wedding
weep weeping
weigh weighing
weld welder
weld welding
wet wetter
wet wetting
whack whacking
wheel wheeling
whip whipping
whirl whirling
whir whirring
whisper whispering
whistle whistling
wholesale wholesaler
widen widening
will willing
wilt wilting
wine winery
wink winking
winnow winnowing
win winner
win winning
win winnings
wipe wiper
wire wiring
wish wishing
withdraw withdrawal
wither withering
withhold withholding
woo wooing
word wording
work worker
worry worrying
worsen worsening
wound wounding
wrangle wrangling
wrap wrapping
wreck wreckage
wreck wrecker
wreck wrecking
wrestle wrestler
wrestle wrestling
wring wringer
write writer
write writing
yacht yachting
yawn yawner
yawn yawning
yearn yearning
yell yelling
yield yielding
zip zipper
:syn-noun_singplur
agency agencies
allegation allegations
analyst analysts
area areas
artist artists
authority authorities
benefit benefits
building buildings
business businesses
candidate candidates
car cars
case cases
change changes
charge charges
child children
citizen citizens
city cities
company companies
concern concerns
condition conditions
country countries
day days
death deaths
decision decisions
dollar dollars
drug drugs
effort efforts
employee employees
event events
expert experts
family families
foot feet
friend friends
game games
group groups
home homes
hour hours
investor investors
issue issues
job jobs
kid kids
law laws
leader leaders
life lives
line lines
loss losses
man men
member members
mile miles
minute minutes
month months
number numbers
officer officers
official officials
operation operations
owner owners
parent parents
party parties
patient patients
person people
plan plans
player players
point points
price prices
problem problems
product products
program programs
project projects
question questions
rate rates
reason reasons
relation relations
report reports
resident residents
result results
right rights
rule rules
sale sales
school schools
service services
source sources
sport sports
standard standards
state states
street streets
student students
system systems
talk talks
teacher teachers
team teams
term terms
thing things
time times
voter voters
way ways
weapon weapons
week weeks
woman women
worker workers
year years
:syn-verb_3rd_past
accepts accepted
accommodates accommodated
allows allowed
asks asked
avoids avoided
becomes became
begins began
believes believed
brings brought
builds built
buys bought
calls called
celebrates celebrated
changes changed
comes came
considers considered
continues continued
creates created
decides decided
determines determined
develops developed
discusses discussed
does did
earns earned
eliminates eliminated
ends ended
ensures ensured
extends extended
feels felt
finds found
follows followed
gets got
gives gave
goes went
happens happened
has had
helps helped
holds held
improves improved
includes included
increases increased
is was
joins joined
keeps kept
knows knew
leads led
learns learned
leaves left
likes liked
lives lived
looks looked
makes made
meets met
moves moved
needs needed
offers offered
opens opened
pays paid
plays played
preserves preserved
prevents prevented
produces produced
promotes promoted
protects protected
proves proved
provides provided
raises raised
reaches reached
receives received
recognizes recognized
reduces reduced
remains remained
requires required
resolves resolved
returns returned
runs ran
saves saved
says said
seeks sought
seems seemed
sees saw
sells sold
sends sent
serves served
shows showed
starts started
stays stayed
stops stopped
studies studied
supports supported
takes took
tells told
thinks thought
tries tried
turns turned
understands understood
uses used
wants wanted
wins won
works worked
:sem-lvc
give approval
give lift
give speech
have charge
have comment
have contract
have effect
have growth
have increase
have objection
have plan
have profit
have value
make acquisition
make advance
make announcement
make bet
make bid
make commitment
make compromise
make debut
make decision
make determination
make disclosure
make filing
make finding
make inference
make investment
make joke
make judgment
make loan
make move
make offer
make payment
make profit
make progress
make reduction
make remark
make shift
make statement
make trade
make use
place order
take action
take advantage
take bite
take charge
take control
take effect
take lead
take lease
take look
take plunge
take position
take retirement
take risk
take step
take view
:sem-REFERENCE$Expression
cough illness
crying sadness
discourse relationship
frown anger
frown discontent
frown distaste
frown sadness
glare anger
grimace disgust
groan pain
growl danger
handshake cordiality
kiss love
kiss passion
laugh amusement
laugh happiness
laughter amusement
lie dishonesty
nod agreement
punch hatred
scream terror
sigh exhaustion
slap anger
snarl anger
tear sadness
tears sadness
tears sorrow
wave acknowledgment
wink friendliness
yawn boredom
yell anger
:sem-ATTRIBUTE$ObjectState(noun.noun)
administrator power
armistice peace
ascetic austerity
athlete skinny
baby helpless
ballerina grace
child innocence
child youth
corpse death
coward fear
development draft
entrepreneur wealth
expert knowledge
fire warmth
forgetful aloof
ice cold
idiot stupidity
invalid illness
menopause emotional
millionaire riches
millionaire wealth
nun chastity
pacifist peace
prisoner punishment
psychotic insanity
saint holiness
scholar intelligence
society citizen
soldier war
star brightness
virgin purity
winner victory